..yness holding you back in your legal career ?  Whether it 's a networking event , a meeting , a public speaking opportunity or even a pitch to a new client -- all of these can be painful experiences if you are very shy . And if you are avoiding them due to shyness then your career could be suffering . Lawyers need to win new business just as much as they need to win their cases . So every lawyer needs to be able to speak up in public -- with confidence .  I used to be painfully shy - would n't ' say b..

..rtpark Drieburg , where Dosti Amsterdam maintained their push for a play-off spot with a comfortable 7-wicket victory over bottom side VOC Rotterdam , who were without player-coach Wade Townsend .  That they were chasing a total of 238 for eight was due to a notable recovery by the Rotterdammers , who were on 23 for three after Amit Uniyal and Vimal Tewarie had removed the top order , and whose fightback was led by former international Bas Zuiderent with 66 .  Zuiderent was supported by skipper Maarte..

..ur .  The storm , becoming better organized as it nears land , was traveling at a relatively slow 8 mph . That pace is a concern for people in its path since slow-moving cyclones can bring higher rainfall totals .  Isaac was about 370 miles wide and due to make landfall at the mouth of the Mississippi River within the hour . Heavy rains and big storm surges were also forecast for parts of Mississippi , Alabama and the Florida Panhandle .  Isaac spared Tampa , Florida , where the Republican National Co..

..ers so why not sign him now for 30mil and let him develop at a top club than leave him to develop at Sao Paulo and end up signing him for 40+mil  Re : Is lucas moura worth what we are trying to pay for him  Ideally , he would be worth 18 - 25m , but due to Sao Paulo 's greedy president , and Lucas 's 30% stake in any transfer fee , this caused us to bid more than 30 million , so Sao Paulo get their share . Without these issues , I guarantee we would of signed him a week ago for 20m , maybe the actual ..

..senior partner at Acona consultancy , which carried out the survey with the recruitment consultancy Acre Resources and Ethical Performance newsletter , said the results showed ' remarkable ' levels of satisfaction .  ' We suspect this may in part be due to the fact that those working in the sector have a deep personal interest in and commitment to CSR and the opportunity to make a difference , ' he said .  Andy Cartland , Managing Director at Acre Resources , added that the data confirmed ' both perso..

..joyable to drive . So please believe that this is a constructive criticism and I 'd appreciate if you treated it as such .  Complaint #1 : When I began the game with a couple of 25% races in a new career , there has been quite a bit of entertainment due to the ever changing weather conditions . It 's no less than expected to see some rain in races like China or Malaysia , so we were off to a good start .  Now that I 'm further into the season though , the repeatedly wet conditions are becoming a bit o..

..al file 1 ) . However , the algorithms use a differently calculated GEDV , which explains the slightly lower agreement . In contrast to GEDV measurements , higher precision of the VolumeView algorithm could not be demonstrated for EVLW . This may be due to the fact that identically calculated CO and Dst are part of the algorithms and outweigh differences in GEDV precision . The results of the present study show that the systems can be used interchangeably in various clinical situations and over a wide..

..essions expected , I assume it will be the same this time around .  Despite the rhetoric Brown can do precious little . Fractional reserve banking requires that lenders maintain a given fraction of loans as reserves . As reserves are being decimated due to write downs ( inspite of recpitalizations ) loans have to be contracted - ie. credit is difficult to get . And in the current deflationary evironment it makes no sense to lend against assets that are dropping in price unless a large equity cushion e..

.. are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the Metropolitan Police Service ( MPS ) . The MPS has a strict staff conduct policy . Any email that causes you concern should be reported via the    Lack of pedestrian safety due to the introduction of the document " Managing the accidental obstruction of the railway by road vehicles " ( **28;3645;TOOLONG )  From : Donald McBeth  22 January 2012  Dear Department for Transport ,  Ref : - Managing the accidental obstruction of th..

.. event is so severe that even experienced and case hardened Emergency and Intensive Care workers claim never to have never seen temperatures so high ( 41-42oC ) . This level of heat produces a cascade of other problems including unstoppable bleeding due to disturbances in the clotting system , even where unlimited blood transfusions are available , liver and kidney failure and death .  This of course is the absolute worst case scenario which is thankfully relatively rare . Nevertheless its rarity does..

..on region is a spectacular sight in binoculars and has enough objects of interest to keep observers with telescopes occupied for hours . The brilliant star Rigel has a companion star visible in medium sized telescopes which can be a challenge to see due to the 7 magnitudes difference in brightness and so needs a fairly high power and a good night to see it .  James Abbott is an astronomer , NEAS member and CfDS Regional Information Officer .  This Saturday evening ( 20th October ) , we will again be a..

..ld like to discuss with you  http : //oneofswords.com/ Dan ( OneOfSwords )  If you would like to    EROTIC novel Fifty Shades Of Grey has spiced up the sex lives of thousands of people since its release .  And a dramatic baby boom has been predicted due to couples ' increased action between the sheets .  This reported increase in libidos sparked by E L James 's " mummy porn " trilogy is working wonders for many -- but not for everyone .  While the rest of the population fantasises about hunky Christia..

..oll , says Newsmax , President Obama got 40 per cent of the white vote . " That 's a critical threshold he had to hit in order to make a win possible , " says Newsmax .  Romney now holds a 17-point lead among Catholic voters .  The website said that due to Hurricane Sandy , the tracking poll    Aurora Borealis  The dramatic Aurora Borealis , or Northern Lights , are thought to be the result of particles in solar winds emanating from the sun in the region of the magnetic North Pole . The Northwest Terr..

..ct , because of fears of criticism , disapproval , or rejection  is unwilling to get involved with people unless certain of being liked  shows restraint initiating intimate relationships because of the fear of being ashamed , ridiculed , or rejected due to severe low self-worth  is preoccupied with being criticized or rejected in social situations  is inhibited in new interpersonal situations because of feelings of inadequacy  is unusually reluctant to take personal risks or to engage in any new activ..

..tists say .  And it is not just couch potatoes at risk -- sitting all day in the office is just as likely to broaden your rear .  The warning comes from a scientist who usually researches bed sores which can affect those bedridden or in a wheelchair due to paralysis .  Disturbing news : Scientists reveal sitting for long periods of time - as millions of us do at work - produces up to 50 per cent more fat in those parts  Scans of their buttocks showed the muscles there shrinking and breaking down due t..

..rosoft will want to see . It will try to spin this , of course , but I think Windows 8 is going to be seen as another disaster for Microsoft .  Share this :  I installed win in my pc everything was perfect until I stated to install AutoCAD it failed due to the issues . NET Framework which took me nearly 4 hrs to fix it . Then I installed Symantec endpoint protection after the installation when I restarted windows crashed I could fix it only after windows removed all the programs A BIG disappointment  ..

..ification , etc. ) in accordance with national and international data protection law . '  ' It takes 30 seconds per candidate on average to take the test day photo . The process is usually conducted in the speaking test venue , however this may vary due to different venue locations . Candidates will be provided with instructions advising them to arrive at the test venue prior to their interview schedule to have their photograph taken . '  ' Yes , you are still required to submit passport size colour p..

..ents was the extent to which Yauch and the Beastie Boys ( who he co-founded ) have influenced my generation , and many since . MCA seems the perfect example as a man of their journey as a band- maybe the best way to describe him is evolved . In part due to his Buddhism and a greater social conscience , we can see the evolution from the likes of Girls to his rhyme on Sure Shot , celebrating mothers , wives and friends .  From their punk roots through the cultural behemoth which was Licensed to Ill , Th..

.. smoking . People who die of COPD are usually quite unwell for several years before they die .  Heart disease . This is the biggest killer illness in the UK . About 120,000 people in the UK die each year from heart disease . About 1 in 6 of these is due to smoking .  Other cancers - of the mouth , nose , throat , larynx , gullet ( oesophagus ) , pancreas , bladder , cervix , blood ( leukaemia ) , and kidney are all more common in smokers .  Circulation . The chemicals in tobacco can damage the lining ..

..on energy can be transferred to the electron . This amount is much too small for photoionization to occur ( which would require a factor of the order of 1 ) . The energy transferred to the atomic nucleus would be even 3-4 orders of magnitude smaller due to its higher mass .  A further proof for the incorrectness of the particle model for light is the experimental fact that photoelectrons are not primarily released in the direction of propagation of light ( as one should expect it for particles ) but p..

..e and the doorway facing south . They would do well to read the history of those inscriptions . What they will find is that neither of these inscriptions are original , nor are they old . The entire dome was rebuilt by al Zaher Li-L'zaz in 1022 A.D. due to an earthquake in 1016 A.D. ( Duncan 1972:46 ) . The drum was rebuilt in 1318 A.D. ( Creswell 1969:30 ) , but the inscriptions ( both the lower sura 36 and the upper sura 17 ) were not added until 1876 A.D. by Abdul Hamid II ( Duncan 1972:66 ) . The ..

.. I am planning to be in that city -- I    Firms admit losing customers as a result of missing data  Serious data management concerns raised by large businesses  A third of large organisations in the UK admit to having lost a customer or new business due to missing data .  Research from Vanson Bourne , commissioned by Oracle , reveals many large businesses are not taking a strategic view when it comes to data , leading to lost business deals and little value being derived from it .  Although 88 percent..

.. avoid &gt; the conflicts generated on Office 97/2000 with proyects &gt; compiled in Office Xp. &gt; I apologize for the inconveniences that I may have caused &gt; you ... &gt; Thanks again . &gt; &gt;&gt; -----Original Message----- &gt;&gt; This is due to a known issue described in the following KB article : &gt;&gt; &gt;&gt; ACC2000:Error Message : Error Accessing File . Network Connection May &gt;&gt; Have Been Lost ( Q304548 ) &gt;&gt; http : //support.microsoft.com/ ? kbid=30454 ... &gt;&gt; &gt;..

.. or may not appear as unemployed , depending on whether they are able to maintain their claim during a sanction and answers they give should they be questioned by the Labour Force Survey . Many more claimants are ' disallowed ' Job Seekers Allowance due to not meeting the stringent benefit eligibility .  With the claimant count on the rise and workfare behind much of the fall in unemployment over the last year , the true picture of the employment market is far from rosy . Plans for a huge extension of..

..ross the Nato coalition , more than 60 soldiers have been killed so far this year by their Afghan colleagues in such " green-on-blue " attacks .  The incidents have prompted questions about security in Afghanistan after 2014 , when responsibility is due to be handed over to local military .  The Afghan government and Nato have put a number of measures in place to try to stop these attacks , including the deployment of hundreds of Afghan intelligence    Best Answer - Chosen by Asker  There is gene ther..

..the annoying factor is that that the under managers sat and have lunch or drinks with them even walk on the beach to shake hands with the selected few . I Personally over heard a previous customer speaking to an under manager that their friends were due to arrive the next day and would love a ground floor beach view room , guess what they got the next day ? Yes his request was granted . The beach waiters have been cut from 7 down to 2 . The hotel manager took this all on board and said this should not..

..e able to attend if you pick a weekday - perhaps another way to keep costs down ! If marrying on a Sunday do factor in that the registrar may charge more .  Although winter weddings are becoming more fashionable , major savings are still possible as due to fewer bookings you have far more leeway to negotiate .  Our own MSE Rose cut the cost of her wedding by over a third of the original venue cost by getting married in December :  " Getting married outside of ' peak season ' can be the difference betw..

..on atom in the molecule , and yet they have different heights . Again , you ca n't read any reliable information directly from peak heights in these spectra .  The three right-hand peaks  From the simplified table , all you can say is that these are due to carbons attached to other carbon atoms by single bonds . But because there are three peaks , the carbons must be in three different environments .  The more detailed table is more helpful .  Here are the structure and the spectrum again :  The easie..

..ing up , offers , recommendations and more detailed tips for individuals , coaches    This DVD is intended as a souvenir of a rare evening , rather than a first-rate movie of a live show . This material was never intended to be released on DVD , but due to popular demand it was obvious that a video recording of this unique occasion would be appreciated !  Recorded    --Previous Message-- : : : --Previous Message-- : Just a couple of observations from my : personal : experience : : : I was a poll clerk..

..y bunched together and coordinated and acted as one .  ' I suppose it is some kind of predatory avoidance strategy , because it will make it more difficult for the falcon to pick out one starling . '  ' Fantastic ' : The appropriate shape came about due to the threat of a nearby Peregrine Falcon  The mass of birds remained in formation for about 15 minutes until the falcon ceased its pursuit and the starlings scattered .  Mr Wolstenholme , from Great Somerford , Wiltshire , added : ' I only realised h..

..iolently as if my bones were going to just break off ! Then , when I hold a cup or paper , my hands just start shaking . Also , when I walk sometimes , more recently , I 've started to black out of vision . Even one time I actually fell on the floor due to blacking out . I feel it 's going to get worse as I get older . It 's not all the time , but .. it 's getting worse slowly . PLEASE HELP !  Posted by Optional on 02/04/2011 at 02:39  I was noticing today while typing up an assignment in class that m..

..se additional applications will give further protection to your child 's teeth .  Some children will not have fluoride varnish applied because they have a medical history of allergies ( specifically elastoplast ) or have previously been hospitalised due to asthma or allergies . If this is the case for your child , a full individual risk assessment will be carried out by your dentist and a decision taken on whether it is clinically appropriate for fluoride varnish to be applied .  On the day of applica..

..oops along the Iraqi border threatens to derail the Pentagon 's war plans . Even if it is reversed this week , it has set an invasion date back by more than a week , defence officials and military analysts said yesterday .  Military trucks and jeeps due to head east towards the Iraqi border were prevented from leaving the port of Iskenderun after Saturday 's vote , and are now stuck on the dockside . Meanwhile , up to 40 US transport ships , most carrying tanks and other equipment for an infantry divi..

..ez and Justin Bieber 's romance has been in the headlines for the last few weeks , but according to sources the brunette is " super embarrassed " about the attention the couple have been getting and contrary to claims she stormed out of a restaurant due to an argument , it was actually because she was " uncomfortable " .  The couple have been together for two years but were recently rumoured to be on the rocks . They were seen visited Yamato Japanese restaurant in the San Fernando Valley last week , b..

..ete a hormone ( called parathyroid hormone ) which returns them to normal . With calcium levels normal , the hormone is suppressed .  Scarlett had a scan that revealed the cause of her hyperparathyroidism : one of the tiny glands had become enlarged due to a small , benign tumour . This is the most common cause of overproduction of the parathyroid hormone and excess blood calcium , according to Mr Tom Kurzawinski , consultant pancreatic and endocrine surgeon at the University College London Hospitals ..

..xpectations so had net-neutral impact . German GDP for Q3 just beat expectations which saw strengthening in EUR/USD .  UK Retail Sales missed expectations and previous numbers were revised down . According to analysts the fall in UK Retail Sales was due to clothing with school uniform sales boosting the previous months figure .  Equities  European equities are trading in negative territory in a tight range as uncertainties in Europe and the Middle-East are on the forefront of people 's minds . A mass ..

..ory Story " but we have a Coalition , so the Lib Dems will be peddling this nonsense too .  Comment number 62 .  55 . At 1:11pm on 13 Dec 2010 , TheWalrus999 wrote : ' Regardless of what/where the cuts are , the country needs to make massive savings due to the massive overspending of the last government . And on top of that there is the recession to pay for . '  Define ' the country ' . I personaly did not generate the financial crisis that got underway in the 80 's , nor did i benefit from the ' boom..

..nds MTV , VH1 , Nickelodeon , Comedy Central , Spike , Logo , CMT , The N , TV Land and Atom . TV shows that will be available for purchase via PSN include South Park , SpongeBob SquarePants and Love Bus with Bret Michaels , and eventually new shows due to premier in spring .  In November 2006 , Microsoft announced a similar deal to bring programming from MTV Networks to Xbox Live . For companies like Microsoft and Sony , video delivery has become more than just a peripheral feature as digital distriu..

..is that addicts encourage friends to get addicted so they can deal to them , and thereby fund their own habit . This clearly hugely increases the number of addicts , and would be eliminated at a stroke if businesses sold it cheaper .  My conflict is due to the fact that recreational drugs would be watered down and shit if produced by corporations and controlled by the state . And god knows I do n't want to see TV adverts for ecstacy ! However , It 's not unreasonable to expect that alcoholism and alco..

.. the vets to get Sophie off of tin food and onto dry food as it was better for their teeth . However we have since learned that dry food is bad for their kidneys ( my son 's cat became diabetic and was told by his vet that they are seeing more cases due to cats being fed dry food ) so we now give her a combination of both . He also said that Ruby , who is a young dog was 25% over her optimum weight , although he did n't weigh her . She has had a few extra treats over Christmas but she has boundless en..

.. widespread vote fraud in last December 's parliamentary elections set off an unprecedented wave of massive protests against Mr Putin , who has remained Russia 's paramount leader despite stepping down from president to prime minister four years ago due to term limits .  The protests , the largest public show of anger in post-Soviet Russia , demonstrate growing frustration with corruption and political ossification in Putin 's Russia .  In response to the accusations Mr Putin had responded by installi..

..d , from square one . The size of his head would not have mattered -- it would have been the size of his heart that counted . "  Being in Belfast city council 's " care " may have driven the poor dog mad ( he has lost a lot of fur , almost certainly due to stress ) in which case it could be seen as a merciful release to see him put to rest . But if there is even a chance that Lennox is still the same good dog that loved his family , that has pined for them these last two years . Surely Crosby should b..

..o , whistleblowers , etc . I expected evil of Dubya . I did not expect evil of Obama . Silly me .  This article implies that only abuses of the civil rights of US Americans count . Millions in the world live in conditions that are worse than slavery due to the actions of multinational corporations which have the protection and help of the US govt .  Conrad Black is undoubtedly a blackguard but he put his US conviction into context pretty convincingly to Paxman ( 5 ' 57 into this video ) -  " 99.5% of ..

..d on 28 October that corn and wheat prices have risen by 60% last year fostering a new wave of speculator investment . In January 2007 , the BBC reported that Mexico is suffering huge price rises in corn for tortillas , the staple diet of the poor , due to US imports being diverted to ethanol production .  Last summer a parliamentary report on bioenergy stated ? in their current state of development and with the limitations on land capacity in the UK , these fuels do not present the most effective or ..

..together    The Euro 2004 reserve goalkeeper Francesco Toldo , left , signals the 2-2 score between Denmark and Sweden to the Italy coach Giovanni Trapattoni , and his team-mates , during their match with Bulgaria . Italy won 2-1 but were eliminated due to the events elsewhere . Photograph : Luca Briuno/AP  A 4-0 victory over Ireland means that Spain ' s fate is in their own hands . More intriguingly , Italy ' s fate is also in Spanish hands , too . The feeling is uncomfortably familiar : at Euro 2004..

..that will only be turned off all the time !  Hey , I would like to appreciate your had work . Please pay your lisence fees . otherwise , someone will stress you . One of my friend could not pay license fees and now become patient of anxiety disorder due to stress . Doctors are treating him by giving xanax tablets to overcome this disorders . So please understand importance of it . My regards to TPUC and all members and watchers !  I do n't see why we should have to pay a TV licence . The BBC should ju..

..emale homosexuals were 6 times more likely " Wait , do you define virgin as someone who has only had sex with someone of the opposite sex ? Am I a 46 year old virgin ? I certainly do n't feel very virginal !  G Anon on June 5 , 2009 4:42 PM  This is due to western females . They can leave school early with no qualifications and reproduce with teen hooligans . Any offspring are maintained through government welfare . The offspring grow into troublesome types like their fathers . The idea that single te..

..chase for the Horse and Hound Cup , which takes place on Saturday evening May 23rd . READ MORE  The Axe Vale looks set to provide some exciting racing at Stafford Cross on Sunday ( 26 April ) . The afternoon starts with two pony races with the first due to go off at 12 noon . The Point-to-Point card features a total of 157 entries for eight races and gets under way at 1.30 , when Polly Gundry 's mount Labarynth may prove too good for Man of Leisure and Monique Pike 's selection of Simon 's Seat and Su..

..nded or put on trial by a precarious coalition government struggling to push through an economic austerity programme as a way of attracting foreign funds .  The clash between the government and the press appeared to be nearing a crisis with a strike due to start on Tuesday on state television ( ERT ) over the suspension of two popular presenters for mild criticism of a minister . Meanwhile , the editor of an investigative magazine went on trial on Monday for publishing a list of some 2,000 wealthy Gre..

.. , and each of the country folk his own particular torment to suffer . It seemed to me at the time that my Da was the most fortunate of them , since he laughed out loud as he confessed , while the others cried out in pain . This honour was doubtless due to the fact that he was the householder . They put him down beside a fire , bound him hand and foot , and smeared the soles of his feet with damp salt which our old billy goat licked off , tickling him so that he almost burst his sides laughing . It lo..

..e justification to English behavior . Many posters also overlook European complicity in actually beginning the    Adverts You Might Be Interested In  Thursday , 3 November 2011  Big Boy Giggles - I have to go on my own ? !  This past weekend we were due to go to Drayton Manor , to watch the firework display and to have another go on the Ben 10 ride ! but Top Ender was quite poorly and so we had to cancel at the last minute . We thought it best to break the news to Big Boy gently and so Daddy took him ..

.. best performing councils in Scotland across the board , and we wo n't be satisfied until we 're meeting all of our targets . "  She added : " There is still work to do . For example , our tenant rent arrears are not on target , and this is probably due to the difficult economic conditions affecting the whole of the UK at the moment .  " However , improving rent collection rates is a priority for us , and we are directing our resources to meet the challenging targets we have set for    Non-branded tob..

..oes allow them to participate in debates at the UN and opens the door to them accessing institutions such as the International Criminal Court , a particular cause of concern to Israel .  In the wake of the enhanced political capital enjoyed by Hamas due to its resistance to Israel 's recent assault on Gaza and the ceasefire agreement that followed , the West Bank 's Palestinian Authority , led by Mahmoud Abbas and controlled by Fatah , will see the vote as a timely boost to its credibility with the Pa..

..rfew .  On 30 October , the Ministry of the Interior announced a ban on public protests and gatherings until further notice . You are strongly advised to respect this ban .  Passengers arriving at Bahrain Airport may experience delays at immigration due to more stringent checks being carried out by officials . Also , the Bahraini authorities have indicated that visa requirements for foreign nationals , including British Citizens , may change soon . British visitors are advised to check the website of ..

..ive more    Nephrotic Syndrome  Nephrotic syndrome is a condition where the ' filters ' in the kidney become ' leaky ' and large amounts of protein leak from your blood into your urine . The main symptom is oedema ( fluid retention ) which is mainly due to the low protein level in the blood . Various diseases can cause nephrotic syndrome , some more serious than others . Treatment and outcome ( prognosis ) vary , depending on the cause . The common cause in children ( minimal change disease ) usually ..

..sary for a female servant who works in the house to wear hijab in front of her employer ?  Response : Yes , she must wear hijab in front of him and she may not display her adornments in front of him . Also , it is forbidden for them to be in private due to the generality of the evidences . This is because if she does not wear hijab or she displays her adornments , she will be a source of temptation for him . Similarly , being in private is an opportunity for Satan to make them alluring and tempting . ..

..round 133 each week . In 2001/2 crews were attending , on average , 657 deliberate fires a week .  Despite the overall downward trend deliberate fires have increased by three per cent since 2009/10 . The Brigade believes some of this increase may be due to last summer 's riots . Firefighters attended at least 807 fires between Saturday 6 August and Wednesday 10 August , 2011 .  Fire chiefs are urging people to report any abandoned vehicles or rubbish to their local councils and not to store a large am..

..r a higher level of production causing the average cost to fall .  Examples of fixed costs  Rent of buildings , leasing of plant and equipment , local business rates , the costs of salaried staff , interest rates on loans , depreciation of capital ( due to age ) and insurance premiums .  Average fixed cost ( AFC ) =  Total Fixed Costs ( TFC )  Output ( Q )  An increase in fixed costs has no effect at all on the variable costs of production . This means that only the average total cost curve shifts . T..

..the Thames Estuary . In 1787 transportation began a new lease of life with penal colonies in Botany Bay and Van Dieman 's Land ( in Australia ) Transportation was officially abolished in 1857 but well before that date had slowed to a trickle already due to mounting protests from Australia . The whole attitude to punishment on the part of the ruling class was changing . Transportation was essentially a transitional phase in the move from execution to imprisonment as the core of punishment .  The Transf..

..a ( antenna heights vary from 33 to 531 metres above sea level ) .  Also each radar does a series of 360 degree sweeps at various antenna elevations , the lowest normally being at 0.5 degrees above the horizontal ( though this may vary at some sites due to local topography ) and the highest is currently normally at 2.5 degrees ( but again does vary at some sites ) . If the lowest elevation is 0.5 degrees the height of the rain echos will vary from the height of the radar antenna at the radar site to a..

..rtgage was in her name only but she lived there with her boyfriend .  3 years ago my mum took out another mortgage on the property for 30,000 . She was unable to get the extra mortgage on her own , so she put her boyfriend on that mortgage . somehow due to a clerical error they put him on both mortgages . How can that happen as it is a seperate mortgage ?  During the time they were together my mum paid the whole mortgage 95% of the time , . He occasionally paid his half of the remortgage .  Since they..

..y are with their job - what do you do ? "  " The sales of Woofermeat are falling - what would you do to revive them ? "  Sometimes questions may be about non-work situations :  " You are a shepherd in the Scottish Highlands , a dam is about to burst due to heavy rain , you come across the dam keeper with a broken leg , obtained as he was trying to reach the village below the dam to warn them of the danger . You have your flock of sheep to get in from the inclement weather . What would you do ? " !  " ..

..stretch they are using is only about 150 yards .  ' They should be doing it in January-which is the slowest economic time of the year . '  Steve Kent , chairman of the Boscombe Traders Association , said shops had seen a ' horrendous ' drop in trade due to the work .  Protected : Motorists and business owners are questioning whether all the ' misery ' is worth it for the sake of a few sand lizards and slow worms  David Diaz , Dorset County Council 's project manager for the scheme , said the rescue op..

..res differ .  US Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner was confident that lawmakers would come to an agreement . In an event last night , Geithner said it was ? deeply implausible ? that Republicans would balk at fixing the fiscal cliff problem simply due to the tax hikes on upper-income Americans . The opposition party has already agreed that increased revenue would have to form a part of any solution , a position that Geithner called ? an important change ? .  However , Senate Minority Leader Mitch Mc..

..ument requiring use of the fingers of both hands ( e.g. piano , strings , woodwind ) and those using only the fingers of one ( most brass ) or none ( trombone ) .  that would unfortunately be an overly simplistic way that wouldnt tell us very much , due to the confounds it introduces . For instance , it does not control for g factor correlations of intelligence and abilities in a wide array of disciplines .  At primary school ( Primary 6 in Scotland ) our teacher taught us to count in binary on our fi..

..fairly expensive for what it offered . The BlackBerry Curve 9320 has now come down   please report any . Thanks , MNHQ .  To think that this is unfair you will need to delete that from your facebook wall separately .  My dd is being ignored in class due to her being better at the subject ( secondary school ) than the majority of the class . I understand that the teacher is under pressure to bring all the pupils through their exams , but dd has ended up teaching a section of the class , this has result..

..opment Goals continue to grow , it is clear that major problems still remain . Take the case of high maternal and perinatal mortality and obstetric fistula in Nigeria and many other areas in Sub Saharan Africa . Taken together , these calamities are due to poor obstetric care . But then , poor obstetric care is one result of the prevailing socio-economic and political chaos , which is the principal underlying disease . It is this underlying disease that has to be treated otherwise the reproductive hea..

..deliberately violated Apple 's patents .  The judge has scheduled a hearing on September 20 , where the two sides will argue over removing the current injunction against the Galaxy Tab 10.1 . But Apple 's request for the eight new injunctions is n't due to be heard until December 6 .  Once she has heard arguments on the remaining issues , Koh will probably try to rule promptly , Carani said . As the case has progressed , Koh has been dealing with motions more quickly , he said .  But it 's almost cert..

.. an average of -7.4per mille sign ( n = 9 ) compared to -6.2per mille sign ( n = 10 ) from the oil leg , suggesting the precipitation of further micrite cement at greater burial depths . We infer that burial cementation slowed in the presence of oil due to a reduction of potential nucleation sites as well as porewater and solute movement within weakly oil-wet pores , whereas continued flow and solute movement through all pores including the micropores ( &lt; 10    This paper investigates the natural v..

.. be formed from these a atoms by grouping them together with parentheses . The only restriction that we need to take into account is that left and right parentheses must balance for the time precisely at the    Former Penn State coach Jerry Sandusky due to appear in court  Former Penn State University assistant American football coach Jerry Sandusky faces more than 50 charges of child sex abuse at a preliminary hearing .  Jerry Sandusky being led away by police after his first arrest Photo : Reuters  ..

..nry wall . This could lead to the build up of moisture within our inner timber structure , causing potential catastrophic failure .  There have been recent problems in a Belgian Passivhaus , where there was too much moisture build up in the building due to construction with a poorly ventilated cavity .  In our case , at Stirley Farm we are going to ensure that the cavity between the masonry wall and internal structure is well ventilated . We are very grateful to Niall Crosson of Ecological Building Sy..

.. they work less hours . I suggest the writer of the article does the math and has a think about it ... They have drawn two conclusions that would back this up and are in    Upgrade a few days early ?  I Currently have a iphone 4 , i am on my 5th one due to battery issues and the phone heating up , i can upgrade on the 23rd september 2011 , do you think there is any chance of them letting me upgrade now ? this new iphone that i have had for 2 weeks is overheating and i do nt want to send it into repair..

..p that the sex hormone testosterone and the fertility hormones , follicle-stimulating hormone and leuteinising hormone , are secreted .  Immune system Research suggests that sleeping more when fighting infectious illness aids recovery .  This may be due to the immune system 's increased production of certain proteins during sleep , as the levels of certain agents which fight disease rise during sleep and drop when we are awake .  Getting enough sleep can also help resist infection , as some studies of..

..owing a 90m ICA tax charge .  Th group said it gained market share in a challenging environment and sales of 7.6bn were up 3.7% at constant exchange rates .  Income from continuing operations was 143m , 111m lower than last year . This was primarily due to the 90m negative impact on its income from joint ventures as ICA 's net income included a tax charge .  Chief executive Dick Boer said : " We continued to invest in competitiveness and gained market share in our major markets . Market conditions rem..

..ges through arbitrage by foreign labor , an interesting position from one purporting to be ' progressive ' .  Third , we NEED illegal immigrants , you might remember that crop in Georgia that rotted in the fields because no one was around to pick it due to the state 's new labor laws .  See above , as I said if you 're arguing that with millions of citizens rotting on the unemployment line that their is no surplus labor available to do manual work , then you 're simply lying .  The Statue of Liberty p..

..ng- It just used to mean the shape of a pear but now it means being wide at the hips . This has negative connotations as it implies someone has odd shaped body . Its importance is that more phrases are being used to describe figures , which could be due to more and more people becoming concerned about the shape of their bodies , something the media is largely to blame for .  Phwoar -Neologism- An expression of appreciation for an attractive person . It was created because there were no recent terms th..

.. if you pick the right companies .  However , UK Value Investor John Kingham argues on a Mindful Money blog : " To get a really cheap market ( consider ) 2009 , when the market hit 3,500 for a second time .  " But by this time the market had grown , due to inflation , population growth and the general forward march of capitalism , so that in 2009 , the FTSE 100 at 3,500 gave a CAPE valuation of around 9 . Finally then , we had a market that was , very likely , cheap by any reasonable measure . And the..

.. from a longitudinal study of depression . This study had two specific aims . The first was to determine whether the abnormal response to perceived failure is relatively specific to a diagnosis of depression . It is possible that the effect seen was due to the raised overall failure rate in depressed patients compared with controls simply because exposure to higher rates of negative feedback alters response to it . Secondly , this paper assesses the relation between abnormal response to perceived fail..

..Ulster Bank . I had money coming in to our joint account yesterday which is intended to pay for a hire car to get us to my brothers wedding tomorrow where my daughter will be bridesmaid . The hire car was dropped off at my husbands place of work but due to the ' glitch ' the hire car company took the car away leaving my husband stranded 15 miles from home with the last bus of the day gone . I have no way of getting my young family of four to the wedding . Living in the UK in North Norfolk with no Ulst..

.. to erode laws and regulation . If we are to allow this kind of technology into the country then very serious and stringent law must be applied . for example only allowing cis genic transformation for plants . i would advise a total ban on animal GM due to serious lack of evidence . Salmon GM and farming has already been proven to cause massive threat to our wild populations and therefore must be stopped .  Dunord , you are not informed . Do n't turn to opinions and books with scary titles to make mon..

..the time how is it , do you like it , are you going to go back etc etc .  We are happy to be here have a had few hiccups ( more of that later ) but on a whole I am in no rush to move back to the UK and it is not just a case of tolerating the country due to my hubby being an aussie . I miss aspects of England ( excluding the obvious family n friends ) that you do nt get here like the autumn and spring I remember will take a while to get use to it all . Do i sit and long to go home no my family seem to ..

..t .  Peter North - The isolation unit mentioned is not permanently set up inside the C130 , it is a module that can be placed inside this aircraft when required . My understanding is that the RAF have the responsibility for these matters , primarily due to their unrivalled expertise in aeromedical evacuation both in times of peace 7 war . I wonder if the deceased was a member of HM Forces , as it is my belief most service personnel are not flown home from theatre on scheduled flights ( &; mostly stop ..

..e that building collapse just outside her window within minutes . That 's not something you would forget ... ever .  The perpertrators of 9/11 Reichstag Fire had to build a " Public Myth " , and convince the public that the building came down solely due to fire and not for any other reason .  They had to associate , in our minds , the planes crashing into the buildings with the buildings later collapsing .  In order to do this , they needed to push their explanations right from the beginning , into th..

..ory said he understood the plight of students today :  Many are cheated by an inadequate secondary education , leaving them horrifically unprepared for their post-secondary challenges .  Many are forced to hold down one or more jobs while they study due to rising tuition and cuts in student aid .  However ( he said ) cheating only serves to leave you unprepared for real life .  If you want to cheat , there really is not much to stop you . As long as you are prepared to do all the work necessary to hid..

.. ' in a headlong dash to avert a crisis that may not exist ?  Oh , and Charles , the gulf of Mexico ( aka Deep Water Horizon ) returned to normal the following summer with barely a trace that anything happened . Except for the thousands of jobs lost due to the imposed drilling restrictions , the gulf survived unscathed . The people suffered .  Different experiences : I certainly do hope there are different unique experiences . However , I hoe you understand that America is VERY unique in it 's opinion..

..e with a list of which MPs have called in to vote for Nadine Dorries remaining on I 'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here on any electronic devices supplied to them for their parliamentary duties .  Yours sincerely Styker .  Dear Styker ,  Unfortunately due to the Data Protection Act we are unable to comply with your request even if we had the faintest idea which we do n't . I would like to take this opportunity to remind you that phone hacking is a serious offence .  Get a grip . Pickles said it as a jok..

..e . Taking formal voice training or coaching early on in your career will save you a lot of misery with voice strain later on ( some interpreting courses offer workshops or classes in voice coaching to students ) , since voice problems are often not due to overuse , but to misuse .  Despite her excellent guidance during my student days , I often have problems with my voice , and my doctor has told me that the best cure is complete rest for your vocal cords ( obviously not possible when on a contract !..

..e meningitis or septicaemia , or a combination of these diseases .  There are several strains or ' groups ' of meningococcal bacteria ( A , B , C , W135 , Y and Z ) . In the past 50 years , most meningococcal disease in the UK and Ireland 2 has been due to MenB and MenC .  Meningococcal disease affects around 2,000 people in the UK and Ireland every year and about 1500 cases are laboratory-confirmed . Now that there is a very effective MenC vaccine , 85% of cases are caused by MenB infection 3 .  The ..

..ontext of the euro group that Portugal should apply for help sooner rather than later , " the source told Reuters in Brussels , adding that Finland and the Netherlands had expressed similar views .  A key test will come on Wednesday when Portugal is due to raise up to 1.25bn ( 1bn ) in an auction of its debt .  Portugal is under pressure on the markets and the yield -- or interest rate -- on its debt traded at more than 7% on Friday . That is the point at which many economists agree it is best for the..

..visit it .  Con  Not very tall .  It is only possible to get behind the right side of the waterfall .  The ledge behind the waterfall does not have much space , and is not a proper path .  The ledge is always wet and slippery .  Difficult to reach , due to undergrowth and lack of paths .  High water  The risk of falling debris increases , but it should be possible to get behind the waterfall in high water . The stream needs to be forded to reach it , however , and this will become much more risky in f..

..he way of taxes ( such as the recent pasty tax debacle )  Re : Do you think that smoking should be banned from LITERALLY all public places ?  ( Originally Posted by NewFolder ) I 'm a non-smoker , and do n't understand why anyone would want to do it due to the huge amount of negative effects and very few positive effects of it .  However , it 's perfectly legal to do so , and some people enjoy it , so why ban it from everywhere ? They 've already banned it from indoor public places and work vehicles ,..

..one industry is Blackberry . Current levels of ownership stand at 9% amongst the adult population . This appears to be most popular amongst females aged under 35 years at 13% in comparison to the males at 11% . Popularity amongst this group could be due to users favouring the usage of the Blackberry instant messaging service or BBM as it is known .  50% of smartphone owners have now completed some sort of purchase on their mobile , increasing by 20% over just nine short months , with 11% of smartphone..

..round a tiny part of the city , and then goes on to make a separate point about how many Americans do like to refer to themselves as Irish-Americans ( or whatever ) , despite their nearest Irish relative being born    " Bygones online , we hear that due to the Telegraphs labour force cut backs Bygones is left to one person to put it all together and put the stories , photos etc online . There has been none since Sept 7th 2012 and prior to that there was 2 months of nothing online . Also when it does g..

..ould have to be ' of general application irrespective of race or colour ' . In its conclusion , the Sub- Committee , while not ruling out a possible future eventuality when immigration control would be necessary , rejected the idea for the present , due to the ' comparatively small scale of immigration into this country ' , and ' the important and controversial issues of policy involved in legislation to control it ' . With legislation rejected as a means for managing the emergent ' colour problem ' i..

..employed to come-up with a Christmas menu based on the Lidl range .  They are set to take on the upmarket likes of Marks and Spencer , Waitrose and Sainsbury 's - at a fraction of the cost .  Lidl said that it had greatly expanded its luxury range ' due to customer demand . '  The budget chain says Christmas would not be the same for the middle classes without ' affordable luxury ' .  So Nairn - who has cooked for The Queen - has produced recipes that include reindeer , lobsters , goose , pheasant and..

.. bothered when Israelis are killed . The international press always try to balance their reporting so 1 dead Israeli equals about 10 dead Palestinians .  For those that are confused as to what exactly started this current escalation in Gaza , mainly due to the lack of precise reporting in the western MSM and constant parrotting of IDF statements , here is a timeline of how the escalation was started by Israeli defense forces sending 8 tanks into Palestinian territory last Thursday resulting in the dea..

..and so much of the story has really stuck in my head since I finished it . A worthy addition to my collection of favourite unreliable narrators.  1 comment :  The popularity and demand for illustration in the publishing industry is highly increasing due to the fact that targeted , professionally created illustrations can work wonder in grabbing the attention of the viewers and can be better understandable    Want to find out about an apparently successful Fighter Pilot who served at some point with JG..

..er water bill to Israeli water company . Scarily reflective of far wider view .  Comments are moderated by CNN , in accordance with the CNN Comment Policy , and may not appear on this blog until they have been deemed appropriate for posting . Also , due to the volume of comments we receive , not all comments will be posted .  Welcome to the Inside the Middle East blog where CNN 's journalists post news , views and video from across the region . This is also a place where you can start the discussion s..

..host ! And I loved the Opening Ceremonies ! Shakespeare , Blake , Mary Poppins ! brilliant ! I 'd love to acquire a video .  Only complaint comes from my husband that last night beach volley ballers were not in their bikinis but had to cover up more due to the chill . ( " What 's the point of watching female beach volley ball if the athletes do n't wear their bikinis ! " . I think I responded with a comment about not having such a temp-induced viewing issues when watching men 's swimming . )  Sometime..

..- than to say that the opponents hold the view they do out of either wickedness or ineradicable stupidity . For instance many left wing people of a kindly nature - you , for instance , Mr Younge , have said that right wing people are only right wing due to not knowing any better not because of inherent bad qualities .  Factually , anyone who assumes that any black person is on welfare or is uneducated is making a lazy generalisation . However the average level of welfare dependency is higher and the a..

