..or seperate company that needs great forbearance on the part of bust banks .  See that new business supplement in the Irish Times ? Ask yourself , where did the IT get the money for that -- FT articles and all -- even as its nationwide sales implode due to the recession ? Answer : It probably got a loan from BoI or AIB . How many executives of the bank in question do you think the IT is going to roast in the near future ?  Am I openly accussing the Irish media of taking the bankers coin in exchange fo..

..hiatric hospitals and units .    Tax refund when unemployed or out of work sick  Introduction  You can get a refund of tax you have already paid if you were employed and find yourself unemployed . You may also get a tax refund if you are out of work due to illness . You can also get tax back if you are still employed but have paid more tax than you were liable for .  Another way to get tax back is through tax relief on services or products that you have bought . Some of the cost of certain services an..

..an alter the VLAN ID and put their VM into a VLAN that it might not belong to .  Firewall Rules  Unless network administrators allow it , virtual machines on VLAN 101 can not see virtual machines on VLAN 102 . A break out is theoretically impossible due to the architecture of Hyper-V leveraging the No eXecute Bit ( AKA DEP or Data Execution Prevention ) .  Summary  You can see that you can set up a Hyper-V host to run VM 's on different VLAN 's . You 've got different ways to do it . You can even see ..

..imed she was a guest at the hotel . With the publication of the story , her career found a short revival and she had several tv and stage appearances , until the late 1960 ? s , when her health deteriorated so badly , she refused to leave her room , due to extreme paranoia .  During the next few years , she somehow managed to get herself together enough to write ' Veronica : an auto-biography ' , in 1972 . When it was published , she used the proceeds to go the England , where she had another brief ma..

..less time . This is important because users are charged for either transmission time or for the amount of data transmitted , or both . Compression techniques reduce both costs . Fax machines have hardware to compress the images being transmitted and due to the nature of most faxes ( lots of blank lines i.e. white space ) reductions of up to 90% can be achieved i.e. an image requiring 1Mb can be compressed to 100Kb for transmission . The receiving fax machine automatically decompresses the image as it ..

..h event we compete in .  Huge congratulations to Paul McCarthy on taking    Driver Blog Dopeness &gt;&gt;&gt; Jeremy Lowe at Round 2  Round 2 started as we rolled into Atlanta at around 5am Thursday morning . We were running a little behind schedule due to getting my car back together after all the wall taps and Mcquarrie taps at Long Beach . The long dinner at Sonny 's BBQ probably did n't help either , but it was worth it .  More after the jump !  The car looked sweet , but because we spent all of o..

..  Research and development expense : Research and development expense for the three months ended March 31 , 2012 was $231,947 , as compared to $121,725 for the three months ended March 31 , 2011 , an increase of $110,222 . The increase was primarily due to the expenditures in 2012 period for outside experts for the Phase I clinical test of Sh1002 which amounted to $98,448 .  Other expenses : Other expenses were $492,428 for the three months ended March 31 , 2012 , which consisted of interest expense a..

..o the plot of the play he breaks down their relationship at the climax of the play : " I looked toward Birnam , and anon methought the wood began to move " . The first brutal betrayal by the witches came at a time when Macbeth was already in turmoil due to the death of his partner in greatness . It is at this moment when an epiphany strikes Macbeth and shows him the true nature of the witches in which he placed so much of his trust : " I pull in resolution , and begin to doubt the equivocation of the ..

..era .  She said the Government was attempting to ensure that the most vulnerable children received the very best services and that " change had begun " .  She said 262 social workers had been hired since the publication of the Ryan Report but that , due to the difficult nature of their work , retention of staff was difficult .  Many in care not given enough protection - report  The report concluded that the majority of children did not receive an adequate child protection service .  The ' Report of th..

..nding members , and his virtuosity on the pipes combined with the ferocity of his playing made him , in the opinion of many , its driving force . Bothy Band-mate Donal Lunny once described Paddy as " the Jimi Hendrix of the pipes " ; more recently , due to his genius for improvisation and counter-melody , he has been compared to jazz great John Coltrane .  P addy 's flowing , open-fingered style of playing can be traced directly from the style of such great Travelling pipers as Johnny Doran ; both Pad..

..ent through an initial interview .  The Con ? dence Club now offers this service to everybody , especially those restricted through distance and who are    Research(1) carried out by AXA Insurance found that 50% of people put their ambitions on hold due to the expense , followed by 41% not having enough time . AXAs Home Challenge competition aims to help people make the most of 2012 by giving them the much-needed monetary boost to help complete their goals , the top five for those in London being :  S..

... Despite its evident problems , the economy was not stagnant . Agricultural output , of both livestock and tillage products , rose steadily . One estimate puts overall growth between 1800 and 1845 at between 80% and 100% . Some of this increase was due to the gradual dissemination of improved techniques of cultivation , new livestock breeds , or more effective crop rotations . Much was the result of increasingly intensive land use , and the desperate pursuit of the marginal gains to be made from the ..

..living on the southern side of the border could face an additional fee of more than 4,000 if they want to study at colleges in the North . Up to 5000 students , mainly from the Border counties will be affected if the current arrangements are changed due to education cuts imposed in the North by the British Government .  Deputy O Caolin said , " Because of education budget cuts imposed in the North by the British government students may now be denied places . They may have to prove residency in the Six..

.. new world record is for 208 machines and was successfully organised by Combines4Charity ( C4C ) at Platin , Duleek , Co Meath .  Given the weather this summer , this can only be classed as a gold medal performance . Having been postponed for a week due to bad weather and late maturing crops , it was still a struggle on the day to beat the showers . But it has been done , much to the relief of the organisers , participants , attendees and field owner , Gerry Curran .  There were 211 combines at the st..

.. after ordering his men out of the building , decided himself to run out the front door at Free State troops with revolvers in both hands . O'Connor shouted at his men to shoot at his legs .  He actually died later that evening in the Mater Hospital due to a shot he had taken in a major archery . Oscar Traynor and his men then made their escape when the building they were in caught fire . By this time , it was reported that the whole block of buildings , from Findlater Row to the corner going down to ..

..l for increasing exports of food to the developing countries will be quite restricted in the near future . 17 It is likely that the middle- income developing countries will provide greater food-export market potential than the low-income countries , due to the continuation of diet diversification towards higher value commodities . Many middle-income countries are firmly moving towards increasing consumption of livestock products . This in turn increases significantly their import demand for feed grain..

.. phases of detoxifying , eating healthy , consuming herbs and various other healing practices . Its all part of the healing journey , I suppose , as there is no better way of knowing than doing . I think as this year , the hawthorn berries came late due to the poor summer in Ireland , I did n't get a chance to pick them . Hawthorn is my favorite herb for the heart and as we have heart disease in the family , on the O'Brien 's side , I just love my heart herbs . They not only work on the physical level..

..n , and as with the Summer Games , have taken place every four years .  Since the Summer Games of Seoul , Korea in 1988 and the Winter Games in Albertville , France in 1992 the Games have also taken part in the same cities and venues as the Olympics due to an agreement between the IPC and IOC .  Also in 1960 , under the aegis of the World Federation of ex-servicemen , an International Working Group on Sport for the Disabled was set up to study the problems of sport for persons with a disability . It r..

..t ref 's in the country , so why make this decision to leave refereeing rather than stay and help continue its growth ? Simple , because it is getting out of control and we do not want to be the guy standing in the middle whenever somebody gets hurt due to negligence by a fighter , coach or promoter . We have discussed some matters privately with promoters with a degree of success and in fairness most promoters have taken on board what we have said and it has improved shows across the country but the ..

..d the 2009 season with promotion and as FAI Cup Champions , having come from behind to defeat Sligo Rovers 2-1 in the final with two goals in the last five minutes . After a good first season in the Premier Division , Sporting Fingal ceased to exist due to financial irregularities and Zayed was left clubless .  Libyan side Al Ahly ( not to be confused with Egyptian giants ) then looked set to sign the forward . Unfortunately this transfer fell through following the introduction of a peculiar new rule ..

.. knowledgeable regarding this ? For that very purpose ,    McManly has a nightmare and accidently hurts Cristina . As a result , he removes her from his trauma service on this day . Derek is depressed from causing the death of his pregnant patient , due to his surgical error . He refuses to operate at Seattle Grace . Karev discovers a heart defect in an ER patient named Beth and thereby saves her life . The residents continue to be confounded by Patient X and question why Izzie is not fighting for sur..

..oyer may have an equal opportunities or dignity at work policy what matters is how these policies are implemented in practice . Awareness and cultural sensitivity are important elements of any process to ensure that the workplace is free of tensions due to cultural and racial mix . The organisation should commit itself to recognising the value of individuals , equal treatment and respect for diversity . Diversity in the workplace may include cultural and language barriers as well as colour , race and ..

..end the discussion about healthcare services for children beyond the Hospital .  While acknowledging its importance , Prof Nicholson says that other developments are happening in paediatrics , which are not perhaps getting the attention they deserve due to the attention focussed on the Hospital and are potentially of great benefit to children across the country . In July the clinical programme in paediatrics was established with Prof Nicholson as its lead .  The aim programme is to develop a national ..

..ain so he was already up to investigate .  He rang the hospital as I often had to do during the pregnancy anyway so nothing was new there and they told me to come in , which was also not alarming as they always checked me out regardless of any issue due to the high risk nature of my pregnancy . I had only just gotten around to packing my hospital bag the previous day and we discussed whether or not to bring it between us . I decided to as it was so late I knew they would keep me in as they had so ofte..

..ing to certain people as weak , and bringing religion into things was remarkably and scarily out of touch with what preys on most of our minds , she 's actually got a good point . It has be a fact that engaging in casual and pre-marital sex is risky due to presumably unwanted pregnancies and STDs and all other things . This is n't about judging those who do but broadening the debate to help people make better decisions in life . It also , I am sure , is not about judging those who are in long-term , c..

..d are opinions rather than observations and measurements . Safety is always a great silencer of critics and I think in this case safety is being invoked in the interests of expediency .  Much of our Georgian heritage was destroyed in the late 60 ? s due to the dangerous buildings act which was more powerful than any heritage legislation ( with the developers taking advantage of it ) . Started with some people being killed by falling masonry from tenements in Dublin .... then the programme to rehouse i..

..her education  Limited study facilities at home  Family stresses ( particularly those related to family finance )  This programme is also suitable for students with disabilities , whose background education has been affected by long-term absenteeism due to their illness .  What standard of Leaving Certificate is required ?  Students will normally have a minimum of 2C ( higher level ) and 4 ( ordinary level grades ) to demonstrate their ability to manage academically . Students can not always be guaran..

..o use a parking space in both employments , then the parking levy will have to be deducted in both employments . ( However , see below for ' Job-sharing and Part-time work ' ) .  2.14 Two parking spaces available to an employee  If an employee has , due to the nature of his or her employment , more than one parking space available to him or her at different locations , then only one levy will apply in relation to the entitlement to use a parking space in connection with that employment . An example wo..

..armen Hilario represented the Left Bloc from Portugal in this meeting . Carmen started her contribution by sending the apologies of the three Left Bloc MEP 's , Miguel Portas , Rui Tavares and Marisa Matias . They were not able to attend the meeting due to other commitments but they nevertheless give support to the initiative and the idea of an active protest . Carmen explained that the Portuguese government has recently adapted its own Stability and Growth Programme for Portugal which includes very d..

..ead in the dirt for a long time . Are You even reading these Articles ? ?  Quote :  Originally Posted by djpbarry  How many heavy mobile phone users have not developed brain tumours ? The overwhelming majority perhaps ?  Do you not know that Tumours due to radiation may not appear for 15 years , very difficult to connect back and that in 4 to 5% of Cancer patients ( 10,000 of thousands in the US alone ) the primary tumor is never found so even a bowel/liver/whatever cancer could be a result of a metas..

..  Na Fianna Senior Football Strength Program - Robbie Bourke  The program is for a Gaelic Football team with little experience with a structured strength Program . I must add that this is still not the same program for everyone . Some will not bench due to shoulder pathologies , and everyone will have different mobility . .. keep reading  Coaching -- more than drills and games ? ? - Paul Clarke  Every successful coaching program is built with for main pillars as it mainstay ; Physical , technical , ta..

.. of a number of players ahead of the trip to St Marys with Mladen Petric struggling with a calf injury . The Croatian forward could join fellow striker Dimitar Berbatov on the sidelines with the Bulgarian rated as having only a 10% chance of playing due to a thigh injury .  Simon Davies and Mohamed Diarra are also out however Keiran Richardson could feature .  Prediction : Draw -- Southampton have yet to taste victory since their return to the Premier League and while they have put in some impressive ..

..y Idiogrid offer . In this group according to functions Flexigrid and RepGrid are comparable in many respects -- where RepGrid up to the latest version was only available for MacOs and Flexigrid only for DOS -- but with some differences in usability due to the different operating systems . GridSuite historically is the latest in this series , offers most of the    Latest News  Help EPIC  EMPOWERING YOUNG PEOPLE IN CARE IN IRELAND  EPIC ( formerly IAYPIC ) is an independent association that works throu..

..umber ; the electronic gadget is on your wrist , all your training done and you are ready to go ! We will have allocated you a bus time depending on which wave you have signed up to when you entered the race online . The GFN Start is held in waves , due to the numbers of participants , so you will board your bus in Bunbeg with people of similar abilities to yourself . They will have the same nerves and will face exactly the same challenge as you .  If you have decided to get dropped to the start line ..

..s , who practice medicine    IABANY and Brehon Post-Sandy Pro-Bono Assistance Opportunities  EVENTS Do n't forget our Christmas Party on December 17 at the Glucksman Ireland House . Our annual Wine Geese Celebration and Wild Goose Awards -- canceled due to Hurricane Sandy -- will be rescheduled early in the new year . Stay tuned !  " We are made wise not by the recollection of our past , but by the responsibility for our future . " George Bernard Shaw  Friends and fellow members of the tri-state 's pr..

..of a sudden there were stimuli so great that it stopped the mind 's work right at that point where he was swinging ? Would the mind have the ability to make adjustments ? Or would it have to reset itself , just like our computers need to be rebooted due to an overload ? What would happen if the defender were very skilled , had already perceived that the attack was on its way and was waiting for the trap to be sprung ? Yes they could make a pre-emptive strike . It has been scientifically proven that ac..

..g does n't just depend on me . It depends equally on a factor I can not control - Tim . It 's not that I do n't trust him . It 's just slightly unnerving to think that we both have to be up to snuff - individually and as a couple .  It could also be due to the fact that in the whirlwind of my current life - applying for jobs , freelancing , working as a temp , writing all the time , constantly doing laundry - I do n't take enough time to ponder the Divine and my relationship to God . And pretty soon I..

..ontact details to anyone who I come across who is researching their relatives . Gerard O'Mahony County Cork Ireland - 29th Jun. 2008  Many thanks for your endeavours regarding my grandfather . It is disappointing that the records were not be found , due to probable destruction during the Blitz but your info regarding the campaigns , he was probably involved with are a significant help . Thanks Again . Phil Jones Llanelli Wales - 26th Jun. 2008  Once again I have to thank you for your first class servi..

..d Diarmuid Gavin 's controversial " sky garden " will be installed in Cork 's Fitzgerald Park as part of upgrade works beginning in October .  The Avatar-inspired sky garden won a gold medal at the Chelsea Flower Show in 2011 and attracted headlines due to a row between Gavin and Cork City Council over its costs .  Council plans for the Mardyke Gardens include " an iconic contemporary garden " , the restoration of the Fr Mathew Memorial Fountain , a sensory garden and a fruit and vegetable garden hous..

..dit Notes issued after a transfer of business  12.1 Where a transferor of a business issues an invoice to a customer and , subsequent to the transfer of the business , the goods are proved to be faulty and returned ( or where a discount or rebate is due to the customer against the price originally charged for the goods ) , then technically speaking , the transferor is obliged to issue a credit note in respect of this transaction in accordance with Sections 10(3) ( d ) and 17(3) ( b ) of the VAT Act 19..

..nge of environment or can not , without risk to their health or educational development , be educated under the normal regime of ordinary schools .  2 . Pupils suffering from speech defect , i.e. pupils who on account of defect or lack of speech not due to deafness , require special educational treatment .  3 . Maladjusted pupils , i.e. pupils who show evidence of emotional instability or psychological disturbance and require special educational treatment in order to effect their personal , social or ..

..ntion and specific chemotherapy are all hopelessly inadequate . Here we consider experimental and other evidence which , although as yet incomplete , suggests that CD is mostly " paratuberculosis " in humans , a chronic inflammation of the intestine due to infection by the specific chronic enteric pathogen Mycobacterium paratuberculosis . The disease has features in common with tuberculoid leprosy .  Since its first description in 1895 as the cause of chronic enteritis in a German cow , Mycobacterium ..

.. and there are    Senator Katherine Zappone and Dr Ann Louise Gilligan , who were lawfully married in Canada , will be issuing a fresh legal challenge in their fight to be married under Irish law . The couple 's appeal in their current case had been due to take place on 19th June next .  Fresh proceedings will be issued in the High Court in order to challenge -- among other issues -- the constitutionality of the Civil Registration Act 2004 -- which marked the first time marriage was defined in Irish s..

..e unease .  Previously when the Germans had gone into Poland I had been spending the tail-end of the summer holidays in a caravan near one of the Wicklow beaches with my uncle Jack Young and family . Uncle Jack had a somewhat black sense of humour , due to his having served in the first world war , in Gallipoli . He assured my cousin John and I , dead-pan , that there would be no more ' poes ' ( in the sense of the word used colloquially for piss-pots ) now that the Germans had gone into Po-land .  In..

.. your next family pet , read on for some basic facts about the breed .  History  While the precise origin of the poodle bichon mix is not known , it more than likely began in the United States . Poodles have become a popular component in hybrid dogs due to their non-shedding coats . The poodle bichon mix , also known as the bichon poo or bich-poo , is not recognized by registries like the American Kennel Club , which only deals with purebreds . However , this popular designer hybrid can be registered ..

.. House ffs .  I would n't have thought she was anything special . I do n't like episodes where they have people with an IQ lower than their shoe size . They usually turn out to    I 'm looking for recommendations . My existing boiler is switched off due to numerous faults . Was always serviced but reckon it was too unusual and that caused difficulties . It is a Baxi 102 HE Plus and It has had a ceramic plate burner , fan , seals and numerous other parts replaced in the last 3 months but the little red..

.. , must be submitted to Elive , either in writing or by email , with 30 days notice . All services , except Dedicated and CoLocated Servers do not auto renew unless specified by the Client . Elive will issue renewal notices 30 days before service is due to expire and require written notice returned to us , signed , to ensure continuity of service .  23 . Use of Elive Ltd. services constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions , and with that use , client    If you 've ticked 2 or more of these ..

..that SS sufferers have a reduced quality of life as taste and smell play a huge role in a person 's everyday daily enjoyment of life . On a more serious note - twice recently I have had fires in my house and was totally unaware of what was happening due to my lack of smell . So there is a further dimension to what doctors seem to disregard as just " one of those things that happen " . This study also points out that the taste that is least affected is " sweet " - this is because it exists apart from t..

..ot really cause any problems . It is only mentioned here as it is a common myth that they are a problem - almost always the pain associated with heel spurs is really plantar fasciitis .  Plantar fasciitis is the most common cause of heel pain and is due to a strain of the long ligament along the bottom of the foot . The most symptom is pain when getting out of bed first thing in the morning ( ' post-static dyskinesia ' )  A number of disease processes can uncommonly cause heel pain , such as rheumatoi..

..ndlords who financed the workhouse system also hoped to reduce their own financial burden by transferring as many orphan girls as possible out of the workhouse system .  The Orphan Emigration Scheme commenced in October 1848 and when it was wound up due to opposition from the Australian colonists in August 1850 , 4,175 young girls had been sent from Irish workhouses to Australia . Many of the Irish workhouses participated in the scheme , and the following table records the number of girls sent from wo..

..y have a large difference between summer and winter conditions , and Ireland is no exception . With an average 10 ? C difference between January and July , the weather is much more consistent than continental areas of the world . This consistency is due to the moderating effect of the Atlantic Ocean , which absorbs heat in summer and gives it out in winter .  Across Ireland , the local climate differs from place to place . The wettest weather always occurs in mountains and those areas to the east of t..

..hink it is about making money for the providers , not about helping women . It certainly did n't help me .  ' At no point did anyone use the term " abortion " '  I am one of the few women in Ireland who have legally availed of an abortion . This was due to an ectopic pregnancy , which is a life-threatening condition .  I collapsed and was rushed to a named hospital . Surgery was scheduled for the following morning . In the panic , it had never struck us to mention that we had private health insurance ..

..s now being stationed in Ireland , it is no surprise to learn that it took a rather large amount of gunpowder to keep them supplied and ready to fight . On March 11 th , 1597 , a huge stockpile of such powder had amassed itself on the Dublin docks , due to a dispute between dock workers and the government over pay . Whatever happened , the gunpowder ignited , creating an explosion that engulfed much of the surrounding area , sent debris raining down on all of Dublin , and killed 126 people . This is a..

..00am and 10.30am .  Aircoach would like to apologise for any inconvenience or disruption this may cause to your journey .  All other Dublin Airport ? Cork ( via Dublin City ) services should be unaffected , although they may experience slight delays due to congestion in Dublin City once parts of the marathon route have re-opened .  Greystones ? Dublin Airport  Our Greystones - Dublin Airport service should be unaffected by the Dublin Marathon , although delays may be experienced as a result of traffic..

..xposure of non-smokers to ETS .  As mentioned in the opening paragraph , cigarette smoke can be categorised as either Mainstream smoke ( MS ) or Sidestream smoke ( SS ) . ETS is derived mainly from SS which is qualitatively similar to MS . However , due to the lower temperature of formation of SS , it actually contains higher concentrations of toxic and carcinogenic agents than MS . Laboratory tests on animals have indicated that SS is more carcinogenic than MS . It must , however , also be borne in m..

.. fishing trip to Longford and stay with Kevin at Melview Lodge . Kevin said the fishing was a bit slow at first however Rory had three fish to the boat before anyone else had caught a thing . I advised that a spot of dead baiting could be the answer due to the lack of interest being shown in the lures and what a good decision that turned out to be , Rory beat his personal best of 12 lb. by landing a good fish that went to the scales at 18 lb. 12 oz. followed by a nice fish of 17 lb. 4 oz for my self ...

..ish citizens we must suffer more austerity ( in addition to the 64 billion burden of recapitalising the banks ) to save the European Union .  Denis O'Brien , a former deputy governor of Bank of Ireland , and Dermot Desmond , a businessman , are also due to attend .  Neither man is resident in Ireland for tax purposes and both have been criticised in state inquiry reports over their business dealings . Paul McGuinness , another attendee , manages U2 , a band of corporate tax refugees .  How many of tho..

..vestigating ways how music is perceived as a political tool , how it utilised as a cultural device , and what the purpose of these actions are . The general area under scrutiny mostly occurs in the latter half of the twentieth century , most notably due to the rapid technological advancements of this time period . I speak specifically of the media in this regard ; how it operates in broadcasting information , which in turn leads to a freedom of abuse by political bodies of all types .  Ways in which t..

..nal outcome . ' Becker . H. ( 1984 ) Art Worlds . University of California Press . California . P25  Such a perspective of collective authorship facilitates a vision of artistic production with minimal preoccupation with authenticity and ownership ; due to the collaborative structure of production such a concept is particularly useful when exploring the potential for social and physical change as a direct and indirect result of artistic documentation and intervention . The social chain by which an obj..

..t foolproof , which was not quite correct . Several oral implant systems - of widely different implant designs and surface characteristics - demonstrated early signs of osseointegration , yet they showed unacceptable failure rates in time , commonly due to marginal bone resorption leading to implant failure ( Figure 2 ) .  The reason for the observed bone resorption was difficult to assess , but unsuitable implant designs and improper clinical recommendations are some probable examples . Another examp..

..ost of the paper alone .  The real time radio communication enables real time stock updating . This in turn allows the triggering of letdowns to replenish picking faces , optimising the use of fork lift trucks and preventing re-picks or waiting time due to empty picking faces . Cycle counting can built in to the replenishment ( letdown ) task , improving the efficiency of the stock checking process . The improved accuracy of stock recording leads to improved service level , less time spent investigati..

..yment of thousands of public servants , roster changes and extended working-day agreements , the merging of prison structures to cope with higher prison numbers with reduced staff , civilianisation of some Garda work , reductions in processing times due to reorganisation by the Department of Social Protection ( despite increased volumes ) , rationalisation of back-office support services , shared services and shared procurement initiatives , to name just some .  This administrative efficiency achieved..

..bservations de plusiers singularits et choses mmorables trouves en Grce , Jude , Egypte ( Paris , 1553 ) . He was involved in the attempts of the French government to form an alliance with German Lutherans in opposition to Emperor Charles V , partly due to his fluency in their language . Belon 's activities , scientific and otherwise , came to an abrupt end when he was attacked and murdered while collecting specimens in the Bois de Boulogne in the spring of either 1564 or 1565 .  The Histoire des Oyse..

..ue to the disease and its treatments . Along with or separate from physical help , you might require support for your mental , emotional , spiritual , social , and environmental needs . Changing responsibilities and roles in families and friendships due to cancer may occur for the short or long term .  Recognizing responsibilities and roles before cancer provides clues into what feels comfortable and uncomfortable for patients . For example , if you were independent before cancer you may be challenged..

..ctually just my mother , I have had issues with the Catholic Church for the past two years . Ever since the debaucle of the child abuse scandals , I have not attended mass . This is not a reflection on the two priests that I know personally , either due to my school life or the fact that I live in a small Irish village . In fact , they are both fabulous at their work/vocation . My gripe goes almost to the top I 'm taking it that God himself is at the very top ! When the scandals broke the Vatican wash..

..p and your doctor can decide whether medication would help you if you are severely depressed .  For further info about how you    Advice , help and a listening ear for young Men and Women in Belfast contemplating suicide or suffering from Depression due to Self Harm or Hurting Themselves  Self harm is when someone deliberately injures themselves . Perhaps they cut themselves to draw blood , take too many tablets or bang their head against a wall . A person who self harms rarely does so because they wa..

..w heterogeneous small-scale devices and testbeds can be brought together to form well-organized , large-scale structures , rather than just some large network ; it will allow research not only at a much larger scale , but also in different quality , due to heterogeneous structure and the ability to deal with dynamic scenarios , both in membership and location .  This talk will first give an overview of the European FIRE initiative . Afterwards , it will present the WISEBED approach and first solutions..

..'m willing and free to discuss these issues with the President anywhere , anytime ; and I 'm sure any of the four patriots currently running for the GOP nomination would also welcome the opportunity to talk about the problems everyday Americans face due to    A new video released by Syrian activists shows the country 's plight as a Hollywood-style movie trailer . " In a world where survival is the only rule , and feelings have no place , " a deep voice intones over a montage of real-life scenes from t..

..proach City of Culture office regarding this  Club kit delivery time  The delivery time for club kit was approx 4 months . It was suggested that other suppliers should be approached . Ciaran responded that other options had already been explored but due to ordering in small quantities the options were limited . The chairman encouraged any club member who had contacts regarding kit or was willing to take on this role to contact the committee .  Action  The club will continue to explore kit supply optio..

..raders in Derry will suffer if the Northern Ireland Tourist Board 's ( NITB ) events budget is cut .  Mr Ramsey said : " Northern Ireland Tourist Board has said that their budget for festivals , activities and events is under threat of being slashed due to the cuts in public spending .  " This will have a hugely negative impact on businesses in Derry , for many of which tourism is their lifeblood .  " Special events which are often a tourist magnet , such as the internationally renowned Foyle Cup , ma..

.. If appropriate , you will be taken to the Health Centre and your situation will be assessed . Depending on the outcome of the assessment , you may be allowed to continue with the examination .  What if I can not write at the time of may examination due to an injury ?  Should you require assistance in examinations you must discuss your personal needs with your Course Coordinator/Director in advance of the examination period so that special arrangements can be made for you . Such arrangements may inclu..

..prayer room , and once again the children from the parish school made use of the space as part of their RE lessons .  The final prayer room of the month took place in Ballina , Co . Mayo . The theme for Ballina 's week was " Boiler Room " . This was due to the fact that the churches in Ballina are in the process of undertaking a variety of outreaches and it was felt that the prayer room could be a way of inspiring people to pray for the mission that is taking place in the area . On the Friday night , ..

..quarter-final .  Also on Saturday in the Premier 2 MHC , Killeagh/Ita 's had a good win over Bishopstown , which puts them in to the semi-final of that competition . There they will face the winners of the Fr O'Neill 's v Sliabh Rua clash , which is due to take place next week .  This was a superb performance from Killeagh/Ita 's in a game where they did all the all the work in the opening half to put them on their way to a 2-11 to 0-4 victory . They dominated play and were 1-2 to the good after only ..

..s Astana Arlans of Kazakhstan at the top of Group B.  Both sides meet in Kazakhstan on December 7 .  A host of Irish boxers are slated to be in action in the WSB next month , with Michael Conlan , David Oliver Joyce , Conrad Cummings and Sean Turner due to debut for the USA Knockouts , German Eagles and MexicoGuerrerors , who are top of Group A.  Willie McLaughlin will also make a welcome return for Italia Thunder . McLaughlin won five fights for the    Irish whiskey cake recipe  One of the most popul..

.. error and email me before I even have a chance to complain . Also love the phrase " GREAT SUPPORT BUILDS ARMIES " .  We use liquid web for all our servers , Although they are a bit more expensive than their competition but its their awesome support due to which we do n't even thing once before buying a server to go to any other company .  We are passionate about support and hopefully will be    What to do after a car accident .........  We get many questions regarding the course of action a motorist ..

..  Report abuse  ciaradexy Mar 30 , 2012 , 06:10 PM EDT  Awoken , where are all these protests against immigration ? Why has nt it been included in this article that the reason for the increase in the number of people declaring themselves catholic is due to the number of Polish people in the country ?  Report abuse  awoken32 Mar 30 , 2012 , 05:23 PM EDT  Population explosion is because of the illegal mass invasion that the treasinus irish government is forcing on their own people , a corrupt government..

..before the start of a course . No refunds will be made for places cancelled within four weeks of the start of a course and payments will not be transferred to other courses , this includes the One Month and 12 Week courses . Withdrawal from a course due to illness , travel problems or any other reason , does not lead to any form of refund . Personal insurance is recommended to cover you not being able to attend or complete a course . Places can be transferred to another person .  HYGIENE , HEALTH &; S..

..orld !  Even when the sound is stripped back to just Peter 's vocals and guitars the results are gripping such as in the song ' Steeped in You ' . I find it very easy to be transported through the stories in each of the songs on ' Sleepless Street ' due to Peter 's fine vocals . To make an ultimate comparison I think Peter 's vocals are the close to David Gray 's vocals from ' White Ladder ' era .  ' Sleepless Street ' is a quality album of intelligent songs sung by a singer with a great voice . It ha..

..et start-up . IT skills are one of the most important ( if not the most important ) part of the team but they need to be coupled with other skill sets .  I know a number of internet start-up founders who have minimal IT experience but are doing well due to their experience in sales and marketing .  There are a lot of sales , marketing , legal and accountancy people out there who do n't have jobs . These could easily be integrated into an internet start-up ( depending on your business model of course )..

..y An Post and through Northern Ireland post offices . Applying through the Passport Express service ensures that properly completed applications will normally be processed in 10 working days . This period may be extended at certain times of the year due to increased application numbers . Check the Passport Office website for current processing time information .  If you make your application by ordinary post , you should allow 8 weeks for your passport to be processed .  If you call in person to any o..

..ts going out and the smashing of glasses and plates as they fell from tables and crashed to the floor .  The ship -- for whatever reason -- had hit a reef on its way from a port near Rome to its next stop , Savona in the north west of Italy . It was due to arrive the next morning . The Costa Concordia never got further than 200 yards from the tiny island of Giglio off the coast of Tuscany .  Local prosecutors said that the ship 's captain , Francesco Schettino , was being investigated for manslaughter..

..s had far surpassed all expectations with hundreds of people turning up .  Mr Sharp said an intact Princess Mary box , complete with tobacco and the Christmas card , was " very rare " . He pointed out many of the items were priceless to their owners due to their personal value , while collectors could spend a couple of hundred euro for the various items .  Unusual  Some of the more unusual items picked out by Mr Sharp were 1914 ' star ' medals which were given to soldiers who joined the armed services..

..losures were erected to house both humans and animals . Even earlier are the wedge tomb and the cup and circle rock art ( of which there are nine examples ) , making it the largest concentration on the Dingle Peninsula . The level of preservation is due to the protective cover of the bog which completely covered the landscape . It is during modern turf cutting that the ancient remains are uncovered .  The peat preserves all organic materials to a remarkable degree . Birch wood found during the excavat..

..more " it 's all a load of rubbish " , but his ma filled out the census cos he was still at home , he 's down as a catholic .... I think that made up a big part of the 84% . The census is not an accurate reflection and I believe it 's heavily skewed due to the " Mammy factor " .  The thing I 've hated about the particularly virulent form of religion we 've seen in Ireland is the utter abdication of personal responsibility inherent in saying that a god is responsible for all good and the bad is down to..

.. Launching long-term development programs that will improve agriculture and significantly rebuild infrastructure requires multi-year development funding , particularly now that emergency spending is being phased out and aid organizations are leaving due to lack of funds and donor fatigue .  Now is not the time to scale back -- international governments that have pledged money to Haiti must honor their promises and stay the course . Public-private partnerships have a huge role to play , as do partnersh..

..eece as Aiden McGeady and Keith Fahey have been ruled out .  Aiden McGeady has been absent for Spartak Moscow for the last two weeks , and still has n't recovered from an ankle injury , while Keith Fahey will miss Wednesday 's friendly international due to the flu . Shane Long had been added to the Ireland squad last week after proving his fitness , while Robbie Keane has been allowed to stay in the US to help with LA Galaxy 's playoff campaign .  Defenders Richard Dunne , Sean St. Ledger , and Marc W..

..er .  She was always a bit of a wonky kind of cat , due likely to extremely poor health during the first 8 months of her life ( she had a sibling with failure to thrive , so I assume some of her odd quirks , and her occasional lack of balance , were due to something not quite right in her development ) , and one of her main things was that she had this habit of going into little periods of being annoyed and snippy ? we referred to them as her snits , and it was not uncommon , back when she was healthy..

..h , the gentleman at reception checked us in , offered us fruit and water and introduced us to the hotel and parking arrangements . We then headed to the local tube station , only a two minute walk away - however over the weekend the tube was closed due to works on the line . However , there was a free replacement bus that took us to Finchley Road ( the gentleman at the hotel reception explained how it would work and where to catch the bus from ) . The stay at the hotel was fantastic , the room had lo..

..e up on it was actually being ploughed with a number of tractors operating together . It appeared that they were getting ready to sow grass or cereal ! Looks like we might be beginning to see reverse zoning -- land being returned to agricultural use due to lack of profitability in areas that have    First timers likely to buy , or property sector 's pipe dream ?  " Investors , first-timers likely to buy " , so says the headline in the property section of today 's Irish Times in response to the recent ..

..mber of passengers , distinguishable between men and women and adults and children , who were save ? What was the number of the crew , discriminating their ratings and sexes , who were saved .  See pp 5,6 of Annex . ( See Q 1 )  Was any loss of life due to any neglect by the master of the " Lusitania to take proper precautions or give proper orders with regard to swinging out of boats , or getting them ready for use , clearing away the portable skids from the pontoon decked life-boats , releasing the ..

..ries ' structural deficits are . This represents a further transfer of powers to this unelected body over vital economic decisions .  Countries that are in ' bailout ' programmes are shielded from these targets until they exit . Ireland is currently due to exit in 2014 . The Commission could say that Ireland therefore has to meet this target in 2015 . The Department of Finance estimates that in 2015 , Ireland will have a strucutral deficit of 3.7% . Bringing that down to 0.5% would mean 5.7 billion wo..

..started the drive to incorporate ICT into teaching and learning in the Irish education system . In the secondary sector , in particular , the availability of suitable software programmes has been ...  Magnetic nanostructures have attracted attention due to their possible applications in information storage and sensors . The switching time and switching field    An investigation into factors affecting teachers use of ICT in an Irish post primary school : a case approach  Publisher : University of Limer..

.. to see if fertility can be significantly improved , but to continue chasing fertility as a sole goal may , may be a path that should be considered carefully .  Btw , have calved in some Omans , most doing ok , but a couple were dried off as heifers due to lack of production .  I honestly think the days of advancement are well and truly over for now .  Holsteins were in serious need of an improvement in some traits , esp in fertility  IMO fertility is mainly influenced by the cow . The best a bull can..

..n seeking to exercise a section of the EU habitats directive for its proposed extension . The harbour company plans to build a 200 million deepwater port on reclaimed land .  It had its initial strategic infrastructure application returned last year due to a failure to secure necessary approvals for preliminary investigations .  Mr Bradshaw said that the company was taking a new route , having examined previous planning applications involving sensitive habitats , which had ended up in the European Cou..

..orld over by Youtube .  I attended the first Emerald Classic in Lansdowne Road between Boston and the Army in 1988 at which 42,525 spectators attended , 10,000 or so from the US . It was hoped that it would become a annual event but ended after 1989 due to insufficient numbers . Hopefully this time it will be more successful . I assumed your question was rhetorical ?  I do n't thing it 's a good idea , it 's a brilliant idea . Funny poll , at one stage it was almost neck n neck . Yet thumbs up are aro..

..ported from countries within the European Union ( EU ) or from non-EU third countries such as the USA , Australia , China and Costa Rica .  The amount of food imported onto the island of Ireland has increased rapidly in recent years . This is mainly due to an increase in consumer demand for a wider variety of food , because of lower cost , for trade reasons or because of seasonality .  The length of the food chain  In recent years there has been enormous growth in the businesses and industries that ar..

..mfort or pain . The pain of fibromyalgia is more than normal muscle aches and can often be severe enough to disrupt a person 's daily work and activities . back to top&gt;&gt;&gt;  Osteoporosis is commonly called the " fragile bone disease . " It is due to loss of bone density caused by a deficiency in such bone-building nutrients as calcium , vitamin D and other vitamins and minerals . The most common complication of osteoporosis is compression fracture . In people with advanced osteoporosis , compre..

..ia  3 March 2011 1,253 views 2 Comments Written by Ronan  Currently sidelined with a calf problem , Portsmouth winger Liam Lawrence hopes to be back in training in the next few weeks , particularly with the Ireland 's key qualifier against Macedonia due to take place on March 26th .  Speaking to Sky Sports yesterday , the 29 year old midfielder admitted that he faced a further spell on the sidelines after Portsmouth 's 2-0 win over Scunthorpe . " I did it again last night , I did it in the warm-up las..

..nt treating all its subsidiary sections or departments in the same way , and with the same pay levels .  It could at last be the time to let Larry go home . He has served a good time there , it is now time to let him go . A lovely man , but long overdue to go home . Get rid of that eejit from Navan , he 'd be better suited to mucking out stables , rather than annoying everyone .  Larry is the least of the problems at 2FM . Larry is in the same league as Brendan Balfe , i.e. a complete legend and damn ..

..unty since 1965 to win the Liam McCarthy back to back .  For the Cats , the wounds from last September still run deep , while for Fennelly , his appetite may be further piqued by the fact that his younger sibling is likely to miss out on the big day due to injury .  When the two protagonists are so closely matched , it is fine margins that will ultimately decide the final outcome and that little bit of extra motivation on Fennelly 's side    Watch out Galway , the Cats are back . And how .  19/08/2012..

