.. the two agencies overlap . We will have to fix the responsibilities and the nature of work of both the agencies , " Patil told in Mumbai .  He was replying to a query on media reports about a high-level committee 's suggestion that ATS be disbanded due to the duplication of work between the two agencies .  The high-level committee , formed to look into the recommendations of the Ram Pradhan panel , is headed by DGP Ajit Parasnis , who retires on September 30 .  Patil said there was no question of dis..

.. , 1.14 percent of total annual online sales of $61.8 billion . However , in addition to suffering from fraud that is 12 times higher than it is in the physical retail environment , online merchants are getting hit from other sides - namely the cost due to loss of products or services , and fees charged by banks and credit card companies to protect themselves from risks of online selling .  Imagine you are a retailer selling paintings online . The paintings you sell are created by local talent from wi..

.. because this is not the way in which we think in the world . If everything has a self of its own , nothing is outside anyone . If nothing is outside anyone , where is it ? It also can not be said to be inside , because the idea of ' inside ' arises due to the fact of there being something outside . If the self is not outside , it is also not inside . It is just what it is .  If this contemplation is vigorously exercised in this manner with utter sincerity and with the conviction that it shall succeed..

..pressed in ontology or in knowledge base explicitly . All of the formalisms that were discussed in this section were created with the outlook of automatic processing , but due their properties such as decidability or computational complexity or even due to the level of formality it is not always possible . In this section we will discuss reasoning for description logics only .  Description logics are created with the focus on tractable reasoning . A few examples of tasks required from reasoner are as ..

..a friendly relation . She is an introvert while I have an extrovert personality . Because of her calm nature people always think that she is my elder sister . She is very emotional , caring and sensible .    Iran may not be able to print enough Rial due to Western economic sanctions  Western economic sanctions imposed on Iran over its disputed nuclear program have severely depressed the value of its national currency , the rial , causing higher inflation and forcing Iranians to carry ever-fatter wads ..

..d tone down the reporting on the stock markets .  from : Vivek  Posted on : Sep 17 , 2012 at 13:24 IST  Does this author understand basic economics ? There is a very inefficient food distribution problem in India with close to 40% of produce rotting due to poor refrigeration and storage techniques . Allowing FDI will result in more efficient infrastructure with both farmers and consumers gaining ( lower prices to consumers and higher produce prices to farmers ) . Only inefficient middle men will lose ..

.. zonal level as a wicket-keeper . I would love to relive those moments at the age of 45 now . " " I would plead to the organisers for the same , in fact , I have always recommended myself to them in the times of crisis , when the players ca n't play due to injuries , " he concludes with a chuckle . http : **35;101;TOOLONG ...  aww he cried ? ! ? ! ? we can understand the frustrations he went through for the second season ...  the last two matches against Mumbai were completely soul crushing ... i mean..

.. its cost and pay compensation , totalling over Rs. 31,000 .  The mobile phone manufacturer , its dealer and service centre were held jointly and severally liable to carry out the directions of the South-II District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum due to their failure in repairing the mobile bought by Delhi resident Man Mohan Singh .  The forum presided by M C Mehra passed the order relying on the retail invoice and receipt issued by the service centre , submitted by Singh and on his unchallenged af..

..one portal on Indian Entertainment . It 's FREE and registration is effortless so JOIN NOW !  Posted : 20 November 2012 at 3:59pm IP Logged  Very nice post . I agree with you Fathimaji everyone is right in their own way . Suraj to my mind is blinded due to his love for Sandhya . What he wants her to do is impractical . Not only college studies the pursuit of IPS and its implications also he has not realized . However Sandhya is farsighted and practical . She has taken a year to build Bhabo 's trust fo..

..exual transmitted diseases through acquisition of the drug . They are at risk for blood clots and bacterial blood infection if opioids are injected . In addition , there is the risk of HIV and hepatitis . Automobile accidents , falls , and accidents due to impairment are problems .  Emotional Cost : Many addicts lead secret lives . Their families are not aware of the risk of financial ruin they are being placed in until it is too late . Hiding , sneaking around , and always being worried about getting..

.. most important , it need not be considered if the couple have their Janma Rasis disposed in one and seven from each other .  ( 4 ) Rajju Kuta need not be considered in case Graha Maitri , Rasi , Dina and Mahendra Kutas are present .  ( 5 ) The evil due to Nadi Kuta can be ignored subject to the following conditions : -  ( a ) The Rasi and Rajju Kuta prevail , ( b ) The same planet is lord of the Janma Rasis of both the mate and the female , ( c ) The lords of ine Janma Rasis of the couple are friends..

..ce of qualifying for the next round of the Champions League , as victories in their last two games would see them sneak into the knockout stages .  Presenting the club 's first challenge are Cristiano Ronaldo and his Real Madrid team-mates , who are due to visit the Etihad Stadium for their upcoming game .  Although City will need all the home support they can get when taking on Jose Mourinho 's team , Neville is expecting Ronaldo 's talents to draw most of the attention .  " While he may receive the ..

..Scythian burials in Urkraine . Consequently , all the regional archaeological cultures that exhibit similar traits are often unquestionably attributed to the Iranian stock without much further analysis , which is evidently logically invalid at least due to the lack of direct correlation between language and archaeological culture .  A typical description of the Scythian-Siberian style or " world " can be found in many formal archaeological articles , e.g. here ( in Russian ) Martynov , A.A. , Arkheolo..

..y the darker side -- showing how some terminally-ill patients did n't survive a clinical trial . As the Indian Society for Clinical Research ( ISCR ) has said , those participating in trials are already afflicted .  Their death , therefore , was not due to the drug . If they were terminally ill , the drug perhaps was not as effective as was anticipated .  It is important to note that many trials in India are Phase-III trials which are global trials with a stringent common protocol for already well-tes..

.. meeting , which was termed as the " celebration of Hangal 's life and journey " rather than a condolence meet . It was held this evening by the Indian People 's Theatre Association ( IPTA ) at Prithvi Theatre .  Hangal passed away yesterday morning due to brief illness aggravated by a fracture in his thigh bone at Asha Parekh Hospital in suburban Mumbai . He was 98 . Incidentally , no prominent Bollywood personality had attended Hangal 's last rites performed yesterday .  Theatre and TV actor Anjan S..

..there . Applying vinegar on the spot helps reduce these symptoms . You can also pour a mixture of water and baking soda on the bitten area .  Sprains  Children may sprain their ankle , wrist etc while playing around . When a ligament or muscle tears due to some external jerk or pressure , it is called sprain . There is pain in the affected area and the child may find it difficult to move . Rest the affected area by placing it at an elevated position and apply ice pack over it . This will reduce pain a..

..uld check overbilling and bring in transparency in the healthcare sector . Read more .  The proposed revision in the rates of the Risk Allowance , Hospital Patent Care Allowance and Patient Care Allowance will provide succor to the employees at risk due to the nature of their duties . It will also result in considerable financial savings as compared to the Risk Insurance Schemes/Packages .  The financial implication of doubling the extant rate of Risk Allowance , Hospital Patient Care Allowance and Pa..

..the series ( unless more are published by the Hindu author ) . Red comments are by the Hindu author .  1 . Khalistanis tell us that Sikhs were a united nation ? it is only allying ( and protecting ) the Hindus which has led to their downfall  It was due to the unity of the Sikhs that they were able to withstand the oppression , massacres and holocausts by the Muslim rulers . Any other community would have disappeared into oblivion . It was because of the Sikh unity that they were able to survive , rec..

..o shortage of funds , the newly formed corporation is not able start new projects .  RELATED  The North Delhi Municipal Corporation ( NDMC ) is going to review its financial condition in a special House meeting on Monday . The ruling BJP claims that due to shortage of funds ,    ' The present format is very fair '  RAKESH RAO  " I am getting older . I do n't have the memory and energy-level of today 's youngsters . So I have to work that much harder to beat the younger and better prepared players . " ..

..visitors , it 's quite a find .  Previously a French colony , Mahe has a unique status of being part of the east coast established Pondicherry . While the administration is largely from Pondicherry , Mahe is a popular destination to stock up alcohol due to low taxation base . That apart , it is one of the most serene and truly untouched destinations on the west coast !  Being right at the edge of the Arabian Sea , Mahe is not as popular as better known places such in Goa and Kerala , but the experienc..

..egistered with PDOs , should sign here )  Certified that the particulars furnished above are correct as per our records .  Bank ? ? s Stamp :  Date :  ( **33;1940;TOOLONG ) Signature of the authorised official of the Bank  * Compulsory for investors due to receive maturity proceeds exceeding Rs . One lakh  These FAQs are issued by the Reserve Bank of India for information and general guidance purposes only . The Bank will not be held responsible for actions taken and/or decisions made on the basis of ..

..ded to exclude all activities related to Nuakhai festival from the purview of bandh on September 20 , BJP state president Jual Oram said in a statement .  Stating that the party regrets for little bit of difficulties for the people of western Odisha due to the bandh on the festive day , Oram said essential services like health care , medicine stores , fire brigade , milk products and vegetables would be kept out of the protest .  The party sought cooperation of all the people in observing the bandh in..

..lans to enhance its technical abilities may be funded through internal accruals , the cash position is expected to remain at the current level for some more time .  VALUATION  The stock price has rallied more than the broader market in the past year due to the expected completion of the Nemmeli desalination project .  Though trading at a premium to other engineering and construction companies , analysts feel that VA Tech Wabag deserves it because of its higher growth , strong order book and order infl..

..e end of the world , " Arturo Mas , president of Spanish region Catalonia , said on Thursday during an interview with Radio Catalunya , adding the failed bid cleared the way for talks on other investment projects in the region .  Las Vegas Sands was due to decide in September between Barcelona and Madrid as the location for the so-called Eurovegas project which will include 12 hotels and six casinos .  The complex had been hotly fought over by Spain 's two largest cities as a much-needed source of inc..

..s many of who come from the underworld . There is no party which can claim to be free of the underworld 's dominance in the form of caste leaders , rowdy elements and other undesirable parts of society . Time and again , only such people get elected due to people 's indifference . As such , there is no wonder that an MP from Porbander , Gandhiji 's birth place , s wielded a gun against a toll collector . What is intriguing is that such people still roam around wielding power in public life . Surely Ga..

..is much further north , and much colder !  Sun 11th to Thurs 15th , Guam .  Well what a start , we were not five miles from home when the car 's red warning light came on and there was a ' hot engine ' smell and no water left in the cooling system ( due to a cracked thermostat housing we found out later ) ! Luckily we were able to pull into a pub car park and they let us leave it there and a good friend took us to the airport instead . By the time we checked in at Heathrow we were the last to arrive b..

..timulates the brain and excess of it depresses the brain . 15. have one cup of hot milk in the night just half an hour before sleep . 16. check your hemo globin levels in a nearby lab and consult the doctor with the results.your sleeplessness may be due to anemia. 17. take fruits rich in iron like carrot , spinach , papaya , mango , jaggery , meat etc . All the above methods will fetch you good results .  Hi kiran , i have noticed your answers for my questions.you are an engineer who works in front of..

..vie is heavily female lead oriented with little importance given to male characters . Although Kareena Kapoor 's performance got lot of positive feedback by critics as well as common viewers , Madhur Bhandarkar 's directions witnessed repetitiveness due to    BVHA interacts Vrindavan issues with the new Chairman of VMC  Vrindavan , August 22 , Wednesday : ' I will do everything proposed by the BVHA to protect the ecology and heritage of Vrindavan . I will ensure the sanctity of the Holy Dham is strict..

..tion of India ( SCI ) has recorded a net profit of Rs 297.26 crore during the second quarter of the year compared to a net loss of Rs 140.60 crore during the same quarter of the previous year .  The company recorded improvement in the profits mainly due to an extraordinary realization during the quarter . The company realised Rs 478.74 crore as an extraordinary item . The figure includes about Rs 373 crore for reversal and about Rs 104 crore in carryover revenue from the liner segment .  India 's seco..

..help are all outweighed by the silence of mahatmas . They accomplish more than others . Q : What is to be done by us for ameliorating the condition of the world ? A : If you remain free from pain , there will be no pain anywhere . The trouble now is due to your seeing the world externally and also thinking that there is pain there . But both the world and the pain are within you . If you look within there will be no pain . Q : God is perfect . Why did he create the world imperfect ? The work shares th..

..we witness familiar dips and peaks at times through 2008-2009 . This inverse relationship in price is indicative of the high competitiveness of natural gas relative to oil ( that the rise in price of one would lead to the dip in the price of another due to fuel switching ) .  Gas price trends in North America  Ideally , liberalization is supposed to lower prices/costs and allow consumers better access to resources . However , in the case of North America , prices have been gradually increasing since t..

..hey ? ? d stop me . Plainly at any time state things , they ? ? d mail a success mankind . They ? ? d setback me , but it will be right across. ? ?  A lot more webmasters have an understanding of this approach write-up . I am looking around all over due to this ! Thank heavens I discovered the idea after Windows live messenger . You have made my favorite day ! Thx just as before !  Valentines mentioned that this individual stays there to consult with Farrell concerning online players or possibly issue..

.. originated in england . and most importantly , they did not take up ' english ' as their language : P .... haha .. what is your mantra in life ? ' blog pe aaya hu to kuch bol ke hi jaunga ' lols .. get well soon buddy : D  Do not ignore the essence due to the excess . I think you did not get the message that Premakau was trying to convey . The point is , whether we should pursue or get rid of cricket , which is a direct legacy of the colonial rule . Tennis , football and even baseball ( which , incid..

..o ongoing gains in its fiber and data business segment .  Despite seeing top line revenue gains , the telco 's net income declined 18 percent year-over-year to $1.7 million , while earnings per share declined 19 percent to 13 cents per diluted share due to revenue declines in its Telecom segment and added depreciation expense companywide .  On a year-to-date basis , revenue was $136.6 million , up 10 percent over the nine months ended Sept. 30 , 2011 . Earnings , however , declined 15 percent to $5.8 ..

..I 'm blissfully ' floating on the waves ' , I was asked to drive through the busy streets of Dubai , from Deira to Bur Dubai area , to conduct the Power of Purity meditation . Again , I was in this amazing expanded state , my eyes were ' off focus ' due to intense energy in higher chakras . I was not even blinking , simply staring off focus and driving , but could see/sense everything around me . Driving in such a state would have been totally scary if the faith and surrender were not there . The ener..

..er . "  " Among them are whether Einstein started off with a special brain that predisposed him to be a great physicist , or whether doing great physics caused certain parts of his brain to expand . Einstein 's genius , Galaburda says , was probably due to ' some combination of a special brain and the environment he lived in , ' " the magazine continues .  Interest in Einstein 's brain is by no means a new phenomenon .  As Burrell writes , " the brain of Albert Einstein has acquired a notoriety out of..

..r Zionism . However , Hanieh argues that the Israeli leadership was never antagonistic to private capital . Instead this capital was directed to Ashkenazim business groups that eventually coalesced into five large state and quasi-state conglomerates due to the absence of a strong indigenous capitalist class . However , the economic crisis of 1970s and 1980s compelled the National Unity Government comprising of both Labor and Likud factions to introduce economic reforms that transferred control of key ..

..ion 's protecting variety of time-honored Asian prescriptions , medicine within the range associated health insurance and / or services or products with the help of secret products , utilized and prevent atrophic gastritis and preferred among people due to its unique medicinal cause . China Multicore Cable  Thinks produce ultra fast progressive or movement thru alliance by using Fosun and in addition progressive training investment found online and as a result hope to manage to build a stylish Muoloda..

..ime to visit ? can we travel all these places by bus.as we are only 2 members , so booking a cab will be a little expensive . so i want to know about the bus services available there.one more thing , any difficulties that we can face like road block due to snow fall e.t.c    Describing people of India - West Bengal  Describing people of India - West Bengal  Hi everybody ! Travelling around many states of India I touched only some drops of local culture , lifestyle , social approach , relationship betw..

..m Secretary Ashish Bahuguna said on Wednesday .  The Australian weather bureau said on Tuesday the latest weather indicators showed the weather pattern was edging closer .  Bahuguna also said this year 's monsoon withdrawal in India could be delayed due to the late revival of the seasonal rains .  India 's monsoon rains were 2 percent below average in the week to Aug. 22 , but rainfall revived in rice , cane and oilseeds-growing areas of one of the world 's leading food consumers and producers . ( by ..

.. the adsorption    The rules of the President 's Trophy dictate that only the players who have been included in the squad prior to the start of the tournament will be allowed to play .  Yousuf , who turned down offers from several departmental teams due to personal reasons , was recently offered a slot by Port Qasim Authority to play in the President 's Trophy . However , the PCB has turned down the special request made by PQA to allow the 38-year old to play .  The batsman has been sidelined by selec..

.. your career . You tap into your alumni network opportunities which will not be available to you without alumni network . BHU comes much ahead compared to Roorkee on this factor .  After the conversion IIT-BHU will come right after older 5 IIT ? ? s due to everything being same for the last 40 years resulting in large number of BHU graduates at various level with other IIT graduates . BHU CS has advantage over Roorkee on this front .  Conversion will give one time extra funding to upgrade everything e..

..the age limit of Sr citizens from 65 to 60 yrs for Income tax purposes . These steps have far reaching cumulative effects , i.e extension to PSU , bank and Company officials over the years , rich becoming richer &; richer and the poor getting poorer due to inflation , etc ? ! Let us now wait for a much greater scam Audit Report from our C &AG; from the socio economic    related stories  The exchange , as physicists at the CERN research centre near Geneva were preparing to announce the latest news from..

..20 ( GBP 16.7 ) . Ten Standard Chartered IDRs equal one share . Experts say further gains could be limited as it is unlikely the government will allow complete convertibility since it could see investors redeeming most of the IDRs for the underlying due to the huge discount .  The subdued response to the lone IDR issue by investors here will be a big dampener for more such issuances .  Market observers say foreign entities will not be attracted towards issuing IDRs until the Standard Chartered IDRs tr..

..set packs a 5-megapixel primary camera ( using software interpolation ) , along with a front    Sachin Tendulkar may have had to wait close to a year to achieve the historic feat of scoring 100 international centuries but the delay was certainly not due to any lack of effort , with the star batsman giving himself a mark of " 100 out of 100 " in terms of effort and commitment . " There is  one thing I can put my hand up and say that I am 100 percent sure about my effort and commitment . If they were la..

..us levels of manifestation for the birth of this child , all of which is not known to this child . It knows nothing except the little locality where it is born , and all other aspects of its birth in this particular world are forgotten at one stroke due to the association of consciousness with the body in a very intensified manner . The intensity with which the consciousness gets tied up to the body is such that there is a complete obliteration of the memory of past lives , a total ignorance of everyt..

..it changed its trajectory upwards ? Margin improvements will lead to a better earnings growth than sales growth for corporates . Though the results will vary from sector to sector , in spite of volume-led slowdown , there has been a value-led growth due to inflation , so the nominal growth is still good . Certain sectors would see benefits of raw material prices coming down or improved pricing power like in the case of cement . How do you see investor sentimentnow ? The sentiment has changed rapidly i..

..ght have a curved glass display . The rumor was fueled by the reported purchase of between 200 and 300 glass-cutting machines by Apple .  The supposed reason behind this purchase is the fact that manufacturers are hesitant to purchase such machinery due to their high costs . The Cupertino-based company is said to be trying to speed up manufacturing of curved glass as it will be needing it for their next iPhone .  Currently the machines are being stored and will be assembled once yield rates for the pr..

..imself and of course , his partner . Impotence is often only though of affecting older males , nevertheless it 's quite common location in young males as well .  Impotence in young men can be really stressful and it can also become a downward spiral due to the fact that 1 bad experience can cause a large quantity of self doubt and anxiety .  Impotence in youthful men can trigger further difficulties with low self esteem and other life issues in themselves as nicely as their relationships . But , possi..

..idents will happen . But whether all this makes your trip into a nightmare or the ride of a lifetime depends on whether you can keep a smile on your face . No hotel available ? No worries , ask the gatekeeper to give you place to sleep . Road closed due to landslides ? Go sit by the riverside and contemplate . Mechanic ripped you off ? Take comfort in the fact that your bike is still working . Be positive and you will go back with a bag full of memories . Start fuming and you will find yourself trolli..

..it to go out of the circle of Kshatriyas , because you have come to me as a student and you want this knowledge . Till now , because of this secret of knowledge which the kings held , they were predominant everywhere . They could rule over everybody due to the power that they wielded by this knowledge , and now you want to get this secret out of me . " Anyhow , the king was ready , he was not reluctant ; he was prepared to share this knowledge with the Brahmin , the elderly man who came as a humble st..

..sterity . Only honest governments and corporates sail in tough time , here the case is different . Wondering no hue and cry on cost of living increasing many fold . All said and done , no action taken ... Wondering all the losses caused to exchequer due to corruption and no money covered from those who involved in this illegal practices ... Such an apathy ... God save India ...  from : Jai  Posted on : May 21 , 2012 at 09:24 IST  Rs 29 a day was enough 10 years back . So they should calculate how much..

..d at a delivery shaping away from him and managed only to spoon a catch to mid-on , while Peter Forrest fell to a slower delivery that he dragged onto the stumps .  Warner 's innings provided the hosts with some momentum , but he lost Michael Hussey due to a running mix-up , and his own bright stay was ended by Jadeja . David Hussey 's reprieve offered him and Wade the chance to regather the innings , which they did well enough in a stand of 94 .  Wade 's stay was ended when he steered a swift Yadav d..

..nk for a moment and realise that they should immediately walk away from any offer where high interest rates like 12%    The city seems to be paying an increasingly heavy price for its deteriorating air quality . An average of 23 people die every day due to respiratory diseases in the capital , a number that has doubled in the past four years , data released by the Delhi government reveals .  RELATED  NEW DELHI : The city seems to be paying an increasingly heavy price for its deteriorating air quality ..

..t faith in the government on the core issues of the use of land , water , forests and mineral wealth , Gen Singh said " Rivers are being privatized , jungles are given to private companies under the garb of mining , and adivsasis are being displaced due to land acquisition where the government appears to be siding with the private companies . "  " Who has the right on jungles , land , minerals and water ? People have the right to decide and the next election will decide who has this right , " Gen Sing..

..Griffin but he got away with it . The English and Oz administrators were in love with the Windies at that time so Charlie escaped while the others did n't .  Posted by mikefm on ( August 11 2012 , 20:34 PM GMT )  Griffin could not straighten his arm due to an old injury . With today 's definitions of a throw , as he did not straighten the arm beyond 17 degrees , his action would have been allowed . He was no more a chucker than several of today 's players .  Posted by &nbsp; on ( August 11 2012 , 19:4..

..ur rights will be used to pressure the Qatari authorities and FIFA to protect workers ' rights , particularly migrant workers who are the majority of the construction work force in Qatar . "  There is already concern about staging the event in Qatar due to the intense    Five reasons for England 's decline in cricket  England deservedly reached No1 , beating India and Australia on their way , but I started to worry when I heard comments from players such as " we are going to be the team of an era " or..

..r HD quality video chats .  Samsung Galaxy Note 800 is being sold in India at Rs 37,500 for 16 GB and micro SD card slot can accommodate up to 32 GB memory card .  Top 5 : Tablet PCs in India  T he BlackBerry PlayBook has faced tough competition but due to unfortunate delays , it has taken a backseat . Nevertheless , the BlackBerry Playbook packs a stellar hardware and delivers smoother usage experience . The PlayBook runs the QNX operating system married with BlackBerry OS .  This tablet is a dual-co..

.. signed ITR V form to the Centralised Processing Centre , Bangalore , as soon as possible and resend the same if you do not receive a confirmation for the one sent earlier . The income-tax department 's e-filing website becomes almost inaccessible ( due to server overload ) during the last few days of July . In such cases you have the option of filing your e-return through other private tax filing portals .  " Further , resident individuals having assets abroad ( including authority to sign a bank acc..

..take rate continued to grow , although still at a reduced rate compared to the controls in non-saline solution , but the one with the high Na + uptake rate produced little biomass and many individuals died . This is the ' Phase 2 ' response , and is due to genotypic differences in coping with the Na + or Cl - ions in the soil , as distinct from the osmotic stress .  Figure 4 . Two accessions of the diploid wheat progenitor Ae . tauschii grown in supported hydroponics in control solution ( closed symbo..

..dates , yet they will probably vote according to the party that they have chosen on their voter registration .  Elections can be easily influenced by insignificant factors . For example , if there is bad weather on the day when a particular state is due to vote , many voters may stay home . In other cases , many people simply do not care to vote because of the inconvenience . Voting online would change all of that .  There are no huge barriers to overcome before the process could be begun according to..

..oric opportunity " to agree tangible measures to " reduce poverty , advance social equity and ensure environmental protection on an ever more crowded planet . " 1  It 's the final day and the media are reporting widespread criticism of the agreement due to be signed , named ' The future we want ' . NGO leaders have expressed their disappointment in the lack of ambition and commitment to real action . 2 Civil rights groups have called it a " betrayal of future generations " . 3  Nevertheless , this wee..

..ary rulers like Ayub Khan or Pervez Musharraf published their biographies after being booted out of office , when they finally were able sorting out the difference between friends and masters . General Ziaul Huq could not touch his memoirs in office due to sudden recall by the Almighty as he was killed along with some VIPs in an official aircraft .  Imran Khan does open himself up to intellectual disdain when he describes his faith in clairvoyants , particularly those who foresaw him as ' savior ' of ..

..edis everything in memory approach )  Replication  Mature well used API  NO support for transactions  Supports LINQ ( though there is some strangeness with LINQ API )  Connection sharing  Map/Reduce  Bulk operations  No where near as fast as Redis ( due to Redis everything in memory approach )  In terms of which document database I would choose to use it would reall depend on what I was trying to do , for example if I had a very quick changing data such as FX Rate ticks/tweets which would quicky expir..

.. there is a decline in cotton prices . In addition , the Government policies of China and India , two major cotton producing countries , also affect the prices of cotton in international markets .  The bearish trend in global cotton markets are also due to a downturn in global cotton trade as well as owing to high ending stocks during the previous season .  The price of cotton in China 's domestic market continues to get support from the Government policy of buying cotton for state reserves . However ..

..ays actually being recorded with remote sensing technology . Rather than contradictory , ethnobiological data and remote sensing are complementary , and discrepancies should be interpreted in a sound framework 24 , 63 . The discrepancy also could be due to the fact that fishermen are acquainted with a relatively small and non-random portion of the area . Being familiar with the water edge only may be the reason why most respondents report a positive feeling about the status of the mangrove . Second , ..

..ron . Even our teenagers liked the food . We had two demi-bottles of wine ( Saint-Veran &; Chateau-Neuf-du Pape ) of excellent quality and good    Sick leave is an example of short-term disability , and it starts as soon as you 're incapable of work due to the condition , which can be an illness , injury , etc . According to LIMBRA , 47% of American employers offer short-term disability coverage for their employees , while 40% provide the long-term option . Some states like California and New York req..

..i(Hammour) fish came into the nets of Malpe fishermen on Tuesday .  The fish is 8 feet long , 4.5 feet in width and weighing more than 40 Kgs . This kind of fish is normally sold at Bhatkal fish market for Rs.15000/- to Rs.20,000/- . But this time , due to Bakrid festival , the fish was sold for only Rs.4,500/- said trawler boat owner Sathish Kundar .  Maori(Hammour) fish came into the nets of Malpe fishermen  Maori(Hammour) fish came into the nets of Malpe fishermen  Malpe : October 31 ; A giant size..

..ts of the company do not comply with the Cost Accounting standards , such companies shall disclose the following , namely :  ( i ) the deviation from the standards ;  ( ii ) the reasons for such deviation ; and  ( iii ) the effect , if any , arising due to such deviation .  ( C ) For the purpose of this section , the expression " Cost Accounting standards " means the Standards of Cost Accounting mandated by the Institute of Cost and Works Accountants of India  The ' Preface to the Cost Accounting Stan..

..apex court bench of Justice Swatanter Kumar and Justice Madan B Lokur yesterday said that the " phasing out of endosulfan appears to be the most viable plan " .  " Disposals of the stocks of endosulfan in existing incinerators may take long duration due to the limited capacity and the cost of the disposals would be exorbitant and also prohibitive , " the JEC told the court .  The report said that incineration would require a dedicated operation for several years and cost Rs1,189 crore .  The committee..

..with international standards , as specified in norms so that the flyers feel comfortable in having visited the Srinagar Airport . Otherwise , the congestion is giving a very bad impression about the place , where passengers complain of inconvenience due to fewer facilities. ? The cry for changes in the terminal building is also getting louder in the wake of possibility of the revival of international flights from the Srinagar Airport and also the lifting of bar on the flights operation in near future ..

.. rare case , civic officials attended a complaint regarding garbage from a common citizen in no time and that too on a Sunday .  The common impression about the Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC ) is not at all impressive among many of the citizens due to dilly dally tactics and negligence about civic services by many of the officials and staffers . Now there seems some change for the last couple of months . The NMC is taking the issue of cleanliness very seriously to keep the city clean and also to ..

..iginal iPhone 5 covers made of leather , and you 've not got something of a digital wallet . Too bad it 's not a direct virtual cash app like the Android and Paypal currently have .  Maps  We all knew that Apple is bound to leave the Google Maps app due to a little " dispute " . And so , we were given with the Maps app . However the first iteration of it is anything but spectacular . In the iOS 6.0 update , the Maps is the one that had perhaps experienced the greatest " overhaul " . Yes , we used the ..

..t game : Ganguly  Pune : The fans of Sourav Ganguly will see him leading Pune Warriors once again this IPL season with the struggling left-hander announcing that he will captain the side on Sunday against Rajasthan Royals .  Ganguly , under pressure due to his own poor form and teams pathetic show , rested himself from todays IPL match against Royal Challengers Bangalore and Steven Smith led the side in his place .  " Well , I have taken a break . Its been a long time on the road . Just wanted to give..

..ks , even after seeing their reflection for just 25 seconds . But against expectations , those in the " healthy " group also started to display signs of anxiety and distress when they were left to gaze for ten minutes .  Researchers said this may be due to the fact that although everyone loves to glance at themselves from time to time , most healthy people do not normally spend such long periods analysing their own features . " People without BDD experienced more distress when looking in a mirror for ..

..rovide their citizens with services at the same level on the basis of comparable tax levels . " ( R.L. Watts , Comparing Federal System , 1999 ) Horizontal imbalances may also be because of the varying level of development among the federating units due to the variation in their endowments of natural resources , administrative efficiency , and standards of public services , for correcting these imbalances , a federal constitution usually provides for the fiscal transfer , from centre to states . To be..

..0WM  Inngs best  Match best  Tests  43  161  24.27  52.2  6  6  0  6-40  8-57  ODIs  84  118  26.5  36.7  7  2  5-25  In a career that spanned nearly nine years , Bishop played only 43 Tests . He missed out on four years of Test cricket in that span due to injuries . From December 1990 to November 1992 and from April 1993 to June 1995 , Bishop did not play any Test cricket . In fact , from his debut in 1989 to 1995 -- a year where he made a comeback in England -- he had played only 18 Tests . It was i..

..conian rule purposely put in place in Indian penal code by unscrupulous politicians preventing prosecution of rulers of the country practically without their consent .  Look at what has happened in SNC Lavlin looting case .  Only after 16 long years due to continuous fighting by a non politician like T.P.Nandakumar , allegation of corruption was investigated by CBI under close supervision by high court of Kerala .  If a case has to be registered against Pinaray Vijayan people he appointed as ministers..

.. , General Abacha in Nigeria , General Zia-Ul-Haq in Pakistan , Ft . Lt.  Jerry Rawlings in Ghana , Sergeant Samuel Doe in Liberia are amount the pertinent examples . Still other forms of such regime are one where the civil regime survives primarily due to the backing of armed forces . In such cases military often prefers to rule behind the scenes and exercise power covertly through a Civilianized leadership .  Zaire under Mobutu , who came to power in a military coup in 1965 , but later allowed the p..

..ld have been created and our actual purpose . The two can not co-exist , this life can not be a test but also an opportunity to maximise our senses .  I disagree with your comments on the effects of science on humanity . Quality of life has improved due to technological and scientifical advances . If you study history you see that evidently . If you look at the average age span and compare is against the past you will see . With general morality I agree with you .  Also could you provide evidence from..

..kshatras , Bharani and Krittika should be avoided for all auspicious works as these two are said to be presided over by the god of death ( Yama ) and the god of fire ( Agni ) respectively . In urgent cases if the Lagna could be fortified , the dosha due to nakshatra may get neutralised . The last parts of Aslesha , Jyeshta and Revati should also be avoided . Coming to the Yoga ( vide page 12 ) the 6th ( Atiganda ) . 9th ( Soola ) . 10th ( Ganda ) , 17th ( Vyatipata ) and 27th ( Vydhruti ) have deleter..

..same answer . The moon is the same diameter at the horizon and high in the sky .  So the apparent large size of the full moon as it rises is an illusion .  There are many theories as to why the moon appears larger on the horizon . One that I like is due to perception researcher Irwin Rock .  The perceived size of an object depends not only on the actual size of the object but also on its perceived distance . ( See size constancy ) .  Our perception of the size of a distant person is automatically adju..

..on by taking the relationship between India and South Africa fur'her , ' Bhatia said .  He added that in the first six months of this year , South African exports to India had grown by 22 percent , although Indian exports had gone down by 14 percent due to the retraction of the South African economy '  ' This is the most significant relationship that we have in Africa , and it is growing very rapidly , and through South Africa , I think we can also reach out to many other countries in the region . We ..

..um is official residence for the back-office staff of wealthy Indian households -- drivers , house helps et al . This wider footpath , formed by wear and tear of the ground , is where inhabitants primarily answer calls . First are mobile phone calls due to lack of signal penetration in their makeshift homes , and second ( and more prominently ) , natures ' calls . I 've often contemplated the possibility of huge deposits of crude directly underneath . By night , it becomes the slum 's official playgro..

..India Express and Kingfisher Airlines , the maintenance of aircraft and other safety related measures could get affected . Sources indicated a similar worry for Air India Express , where financial stress is also compounded by low morale in its staff due to uncertainty .  Bharat Bhushan has emphasised that the DGCA is very strict about the issue of air safety regulations .  The DGCA officials were meeting to plan a future course of action .  The DGCA has summoned both Kingfisher and Air India Express o..

.. . Debating the factors of legality and size , you should    I have experienced the same thing as you with the front seat.I eventually bought a padded slip on seat cover to ease the problem.Although I have only got 2 airbags so no obstruction exists due to the side straps on the seat covers as their are no side air bags in my i20 .  When we got the i20 at the beginning of September , I had exactly the same uncomfortable seating with this bar at the base of the back . For sure it 's definitely not a lu..

..ly theirs as minorities have a first right on our resources .  Rudradev you have not stated who started the war . If we start a two front war our aims have to be different from a situation in which a China-Pakistan combination starts a two front war due to some complex reasons . Your option 1 suggests that it is the latter . Problem is that if it is the latter we have to know what they might hope to achieve . Punishing and humiliating the adversary is a fundamental requirement in all war . IMO the onl..

..e ' in following the preparatory rules by an employee , ordered KFC to pay for the damages plus legal costs . The court acted on Samaan 's many injuries , which include severe cognitive , motor and speech impairment and spastic quadriplegia , caused due to the contaminated chicken in the Wrap .  While the aforementioned case is much of a relief for the appellant family , there have been some other landmark cases that have plagued the FMCG industry in the past . Let 's take a look at them :  Liebeck vs..

..ng Indian women . Currently , there is no national cervical cancer screening program in India .  The uterine cervix is the lower part of the uterus ( womb ) . The cervix connects the body of the uterus to the vagina . Cancer of the uterine cervix is due to HPV ( Human Papilloma Virus ) infection and is compounded by other factors such as poor genital hygiene ( among both women and their spouses ) , frequent deliveries and tobacco use . The cervical cells do not suddenly change into cancer . The normal..

..hoped that buses would be imported from Egypt or other neighboring markets to solve the problem . " If buses are not available from Turkey , the Egyptian market would be considered , " Al-Qurashi said . He ruled out resorting to the Jordanian market due to its high prices , stressing that    Turkey likely to endorse Egyptian ' quartet ' proposal on Syria  By Rizwan Khatik - Thu Sep 06 , 12:14 pm  Egypt 's president said on Wednesday that a quartet of states Saudi Arabia , Iran , Turkey and Egypt would..

..lore . He did an MBA in marketing , and then worked for a year in advertising , before deciding to chuck it in favour of a job which would combine the pleasures of watching cricket and writing about it    Poor shot of the day Most wickets tend to be due to a combination of batsman error and decent bowling , so perhaps it is unfair to pick on one player for their mistake . But the shot that brought Alastair Cook 's dismissal was awful . Reaching a long way from his body to attempt to drive a wide deliv..

..As per recent crime records bureau statistics , the suicide rate in India has risen 8 % a year for 10 years . WHO portrays suicide among the top three causes of death in the age group 15-35. 99 percent of suicides in the age group 12-18 are occurred due to the academic pressure like deprivation of sunshine , exam results , and the copycat syndrome . Bangalore occupied first place in suicides followed by Chennai where 1,205 adolescents ( aged 12-19 years ) had ended their life . At the ending of 2010 i..

..ome Benami name . Most of the problems started when Anna university took complete control over all affiliated colleges . Also , ISO , Central Board of Accredition and UGC gave deemed university status to many colleges who do not even meet benchmarks due to high handed influence of politicians who run these colleges .  from : Seshadri  Posted on : Mar 2 , 2012 at 12:01 IST  Root cause of this problem 69% reservation  from : Ananth  Posted on : Mar 2 , 2012 at 11:55 IST  Well with colleges interested in..

..measuring the signal of liquids interacting with the dosage form rather than imaging the solid phase directly . On standard imaging setups it is not possible to readily acquire images with sufficient spatial resolution from solid materials . This is due to line broadening and extremely short T 2 times in solids which leads to a very low NMR signal . However , new imaging sequences , such as SPRITE , have been successfully applied to image rigid polymers and it is quite possible that , along with futur..

..ity without taking care of people 's lives , " he observed .  The Chah-bahar port will be much closer to India than the existing one at Bandar Abbas . India and Iran hit upon the idea of using Chah-bahar about a decade back but progress was thwarted due to the West 's antagonism towards Iran on the nuclear issue . It can serve as India 's entry point to Afghanistan and later to Central Asia by getting connected to the Zaranj-Delaram road in Afghanistan 's Nimroz province , built with India 's assistan..

.. the bedside table and it is still not cleaned after day 2 . I could n't stand seeing it anymore and went to clean it . The room look tired , the marble tiles at the toilet and sink areas have quite a number of small holes all over , wonder if it is due to wear and tear or the marble tiles were of bad quality to start with . Did n't folks say this hotel is just 3 years old , it looks older than 3 years . In this room , we also found a tool box on the floor Housekeeping did n't bother to take it away i..

..more beautiful . He also believes that people will look unfavourably on him and his daughter for banishing Rosalind 's .  Celia rejects her father 's attempts at loyalty and leaves him to join Rosalind in the forest . His love is somewhat unrequited due to his wrong-doing . Duke Senior loves Rosalind but fails to recognise her when she is in disguise as Ganymede -- they can not be particularly close as a result . Rosalind preferred to stay in court with Celia than to join her father in the forest .  U..

..ir , on the other have played very important role .  This harmony does not suit BJP for its Hindutva politics and hence it has picked up Bangladeshi issue to divide Hindus and Muslims . It is because for BJP it is not easy to attack Assamese Muslims due to historical harmony but easy to create division in the name of Bangladeshi Muslims . It is not to deny that there are Bengali speaking Muslims in Assam and that few Bengali speaking Muslims have migrated in recent times too both from Bangla Desh and ..

..o recognition of his legal guardianship by the court .  ( a ) In respect of family pension where the pension is payable to more than one person each share containing a fraction of a rupee ; and  ( b ) In respect of pension paid for a part of a month due to the death of a pensioner or for any other reasons where pension and relief thereon becomes payable in fraction of a rupee .  2 . The matter has been examined in consultation with Department of Pension and P.W . and it is clarified that in respect of..

..sked me to lie on the bed and started to please me by playing with my tool .  To my surprise she took some grapes and squeezed them on my tool.She tasted my penis with the grape juice . I just thought that she was a quick learner . I started moaning due to her mouth job while playing with her hairs.I was about to shoot my load so i stopped her.I stood up suddenly and made her in Doggy style.I put my penis and went all 6.5 inches inside her in one stroke.I again started kissing her lips and screwing he..

