..the Year of the water Dragon - Ren Chen would be a year renewal or new beginnings . The Prognosis based on the Chinese Solar Calendar known as " Hsia Calendar " indicates clash of element water conquering element earth which indicates nature 's fury due to excess water energy . Natural calamities like flooding , and earth quakes are more likely in the South western part of the globe , Globally there would be a unrest in many parts with socio-political and economic changes expected but the South Easter..

..the President of Sri Lanka .. The question is what he is going to do ?  2 Comments  Even President Rajapaksha was able to defeat terrorism in this country , he has some major issues in media , education , and economy ( cost of living ) . This may be due to the    When allegations become evidence  Media and advocacy groups make mistakes . It 's true . The reason for the errors can vary from simple human error , time constraints resulting in insufficient research to subtle manipulation of facts and word..

..wardana Courtesy The Nation  Three years after the end of the war , archaeologists are hard at work in the country 's Eastern province . Teams from the Department of Archaeology have been exploring areas that were previously inaccessible for decades due to fighting . As these excavations are taking place , controversies regarding the history of these areas and who exactly arrived first are once again starting to arise .  Some historians and archaeologists claim that there were a large number of Buddhi..

.. in    MEDIA CENTER FOR NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF SRI LANKA  Friday , November 30 , 2012  Ban on use of illegal equipment , vessels:Rise in fish harvest ...  2012-03-15  ( 15.03.2012 ) The annual fish harvest increased by 100,000 metric tons last year due to the ban on the use of illegal equipment and vessels , Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Development Minister Dr Rajitha Senaratne said .  A total of 339,730 metric tons of fish was harvested at the end of 2009 . It had increased to 440,830 metric tons..

.., which can be disastrous for small children . Additional protection training is unnecessary because they are natural guard dogs and always have been . As with every breed , obedience training is very important . The Mastino is very tolerant of pain due to the breed 's early fighting background and the fact the skin is loose on the body , so it is important to routinely check for health problems , as a Neo may not behave differently when injured or ill . They also are renowned for drooling especially ..

.. is presently the Chair of the Restorative Justice Council and also Chair of Search for Common Ground in the UK . Called to the UK Bar in 1967 and appointed Queen 's Counsel in 1992 , he has been a part time judge for 12 years . It is at this time , due to his experience with wrong doers and victims , that he came to understand the worth and value of restorative justice . Working on a voluntary basis he advocates and promotes the use of restorative justice as an adjunct to the existing criminal justic..

..y when there were murmurs that names of her family members could figure in the report . It is pertinent to mention here that in the past a number of foreign magazines and journals published reports about India 's hidden money but no action was taken due to pressure from the Indian politicians and Intelligence agencies . The important thing is that neither disclosure of secret accounts of Sonia Gandhi was unexpected nor the Indian masses received it as a shock as it was very much expected . However , t..

..pplying coal to Lanka Coal for that specific grade , a long queue of buyers from around the world would be flocking to their offices . Sampur in the Trincomalee District is earmarked for the next coal power station in Sri Lanka . The 500 MW plant is due to also feed power to South India a joint venture between the CEB and NTPC of India . The agreement reached indicates that the coal for the plant will be purchased by the Indian company . Quite how Lanka Coal will cope with that aspect remains unclear ..

..g they were our ' other ' side partners/relations . Once we know that they are not -- we are no longer able to believe and hence we need to consciously practice the laws and principles of our common system -- even in the case of our families . It is due to the distance between the voter and the governor in a democratic system - that ' separation of powers ' exist towards flatter structures through which outcomes delivered could be more easily related to by the voter .  Ms Jayawardena clarifies ' Sri L..

..are few leaflets such as this one to help male victims of domestic abuse , it can leave them feeling more alone and like they have no one to turn to for support and assistance.Many male victims of domestic abuse do n't realize they are victims again due to the stereotype as they also believe that women are the only victims of this form of abuse . The researcher did find one leaflet which is specifically designed for male victims of domestic abuse ; however this was taken from the Men 's Aid website an..

..ousehold in the night , by persistent barking . He complained to the Sub-Inspector of Police and the barking was traced , as deposed to by P. C. Nair , to accused 's dog .  In cross-examination the complainant admitted that the complaint he made was due to the disturbance caused to his wife who was ill at the time . He adds that the disturbance to him was not so much as to cause him to lodge a complaint .  It appears to me that the Magistrate who tried the case has not directed his mind to the essenti..

.. .  When talking about development you have to see that the domestic transportation system is very poor , roads are narrow and jammed , it takes about 3-4 hours to reach your resort from the airport . There is no domestic air transportation in place due to the war situation , so a functioning infrastructure system is essential if you want to become competitive .  The majority of the resort Hotels do not exceed the 3 star level compared internationally , with a few exceptions for instance , the Kandala..

.., however , no ideal pre-law field of study . Law schools look for students who can analyze and write effectively . The only ' advantage ' gained through the aforementioned majors is that such students are more likely to develop their writing skills due to the heavy writing workload required at the undergraduate level . However , a student with a BS. in biology , physical/natural sciences , computer science , or engineering is equally well " prepared " for law school , and an equally good candidate if..

..ically-actuated floating-caliper brakes mounted on the rear axle . These floating calipers are actuated not by any mechanical or hydraulic transfer elements , but rather by wire ( " brake by wire " ) . In addition , this eliminates frictional losses due to residual slip when the brakes are not being applied . In addition , the servo unit received a new , demand-controlled electric vacuum pump .  The large electric motor powering the A1 e-tron can convert braking energy into electric current and feed i..

..ecute , maintained consistency through out their careers since the young age as 15 . Not only they all should be picked but should be used as front line batters . SL has always been in great difficulty particularly in the early stages of its innings due to their use of reckless , risky stroke makers as front-liners . This type of batting is ideal for T/20s only , even if they should have some control over their batting &; learn to middle the ball as deVilliers &; Kholis do at present . Since 3 seniors..

..easure against snakebite , despite their being ecologically important as pest controllers . Studies indicate that an average of five snakes was killed daily in Mahaweli settlement areas ( the largest rehabilitation programme conducted in the country due to the construction of several hydroelectric reservoirs ) alone .  Other than over-killing , loss of habitat and human interference are two , common threats faced by the all reptiles in the country . Lack of consistent studies on the population dynamic..

..ll his own Ministers , MPs and their brats , because he is a dud . Now that the Americans and the Indians are hyping MR , his image is all put on , not forgetting the efforts of Bell Pottinger &; Co as well . You believe that MR will eventually fall due to his actions during his term of office but more so for his inaction , inefficiency and his dishonesty . Between the two MR and VP , I believe VP was smarter but he fell for International Intrigue . Both MR and VP were Murderers .  gamini - October 15..

..clusion .  The emergence of new talent during the T20 World Cup from the likes of 19-year old Akila Dananjaya has boosted the future of the game yet there remain massive concerns over management . The West Indies is also another team that fell apart due to bad management but began its painful rebuilding process , even managing to woo back the volatile Chris Gayle , to finally win a World Cup after the lapse of 33 years . SLC has to be careful that it avoids such a deep decline in terms of its governan..

..a ?  O Why did a political party like MC representing a minority community decide to support Government in the alleged current situation where it is alleged that the legal rights provisioned in PC can not be exercised by the governing minority party due to influence and obstacles placed by the Government ( e.g. , exercise of Land &; Police Powers provisioned in the 13 th Amendments of the Constitution ) ?  O The question of pardon for and release of Tamil prisoners still languishing in prisons after e..

..thor of Al-Mahajir , a text of Unani Medicine says that If some person ingests Milk and Fish and he suffers from Vitiligo or Joint pain he should not blame others .  DO RAT BITES CAUSE VITILIGO  Traditional Medical Practitioners believe that , bites due to Cats , Rats and Snakes , or ingestion of food eaten by the above , can lead to Vitligo . This hypothesis is not accepted in modern medicine but most patients suffering from Vitiligo tend to report animal bites prior to onset of the disease .  ALLERG..

..formed the former Navy Seal that he has violated agreements not to divulge military secrets . He signed two non-disclosur forms with the Navy in 2007 , the Pentagon said . The book , No Easy Day , which was written under the pseudonym Mark Owen , is due to be released next week . It was not reviewed ahead of publication by the Pentagon , CIA or the White House -- and officials had warned that criminal charges could result from the improper disclosure of secret information .  ' Material breach ' The Pe..

..rganisers of the race did not seem to understand the moral questions involved . Neither FIA , the governing body , nor Bernie Ecclestone -- the F1 rights holder -- wanted to put their heads above the parapet . Their reluctance , it was assumed , was due to the fear that if they cancelled the race they would stand to lose 37m in rights fees .  In the end , the Crown Prince himself decided the race had to be put back , hoping it could be held later in the year . His wish appeared to have been granted wh..

..inning side . Without such credit -- they would end up confusing the average person .  If Dr. Petrie did read ' the Cage ' and actively included that in his thinking -- he was also playing irrelevant politics . What a waste of our resources ? -- all due to failure to follow the Doctrine of Separation of Powers between Administration and Politics . One needs to ask as to what their contribution has been to the current problem    From Occupation to Liberation  Written By Sri Lanka Guardian on November 2..

..s , supports , and condones evil deeds done by others .  Notes  If one finds it hard to memorize the Abhidhamma , one can learn any other text that one likes such as the Mangala Sutta , or the meditation on loving-kindness . If the mind is very weak due to prolonged alcohol abuse , it would be sufficient to study and memorize a single verse , which one should recite repeatedly for half an hour or so . When one has learnt it by heart , the meaning of each word should be learnt too , then reflected on d..

..s that discourage imports during balance of payment trouble , will further stump economic activity and state revenues , which in turn can put pressure on domestic interest rates and further delay a recovery .  The Great Depression was also prolonged due to import restrictions .  Root Cause  Sri Lanka started to suffer into balance of payments crises and ' foreign exchange shortages ' after then finance minister J R Jayewardene , of the United National Party built a soft-pegged central bank with US hel..

..ankan tourists and pilgrims would face no problem in the State and sought to explain that she had prevented sportspersons from that country playing or training in Tamil Nadu only to express the State ? s anguish and protest over the denial of rights due to Tamils in the island nation .  Speaking at a function got up in Srirangam , her constituency , where she launched or laid the foundation stone for a number of projects , the Chief Minister said she had taken measures such as getting a resolution pas..

..se people go home and make the rest of the familie 's life a misery at the end of the day , die of liver diseases , spend the money that has to be use for food and medicine , education of the family on buying drink and threat to the wider public too due to drumkenness . A guy who goes to a prostitute ( yes , I know he spend some mony for that ) finish that it probably in one hour and go home contended ( if he has a family ) and cause none of those misery . So what is your point ?  I guess you are the ..

..patented in Japan . Among these are Snake Gourd ( Trichosanthis Krilowii ) , Bitter Gourd ( Momodica Chatantia ) , and Kekatiya ( Aponnogeton Crispus ) .  Way Forward  The issues relating to protection of plant varieties in Sri Lanka arise basically due to four reasons .  Lack of awareness and knowledge Lack of laws and policies or the deficiencies contained within them Improper enforcement of available laws Malpractices at grass root level  There are inter-linkages between these issues which affect e..

..ded more money to install cameras , radars and sirens , and what have you and had to conduct air raid drills to create awareness and reduce casualties . You know now the total mess , pandemonium , mockery , and own casualties created by ack-ack fire due to virtually unchallenged TAF forays from time to time into Colombo until the last suicide mission . The LTTE was so emboldened and became more and more audacious . The TAF caused heavy economic damages requiring a lot of FOREX to restore normal operat..

..munities .  Please remember that  One pair of cats could exponentially produce 420,000 kittens in seven years and in six years ,  One female dog and her offspring could give birth to 67,000 puppies .  Homeless dogs are a threat to the general public due to the risk of rabies . However , according to the World Health Organisation killing homeless dogs can not provide a long term solution to the problem of rabies . Furthermore , such routine killing of mostly healthy dogs is surely unacceptable . This m..

..30 runs and get cramps .  The greatest thing Dav did was to bring organisation . Not technical skills , he brought organised thinking . He brought Alex Kountouris with him . What that did was , batsmen who would score 70 and throw their wickets away due to lack of fitness and application would go on to convert it to 140 . The guy who took two wickets went on to get six because he had strength , stamina and focus . It upped our cricket by 40% just through dedicated and disciplined thinking , and the in..

.. by mainly two schools of thought , one being completely practical and the other being of an extreme respect toward nature .  The practical reasoning behind the domestic houses of Japan being built to be extremely light in its construction is mainly due to the unpredictability of the frequent earthquakes that riddle the country . This left the Japanese with no other alternative but to build minimally as destruction would then have a minor impact on the dwellers . It was during the 11 th century that t..

..e from suppliers selling price . This is often Ralph Lauren Espaa a ideal opportunity Ralph http : **35;6927;TOOLONG ... 28230. html Lauren Polo for ones money-making clothing business enterprise where you can    Might know about find that one could due to purpose your canada goose sale made built developed Business properly ? canada goose outlet Need to be regarded overall brand-new gm on the other hand find underlings ? It 's more than likely hitting every thing yourself might be okay all-around spe..

..a are segregated from the tamils of srilanka . This is just my assumption , may be Wijepala or Narendhran might know it better .  There must have been influx from Tamilnadu in large numbers in the olden days into Srilanka . These might have occurred due to internal disturbances , invasions , drought and other natural calamities . North being close might have received a large number of these immigrants .  But this might have happened in the south as well . South too would have received immigrants from ..

..urther and these higher value-added exports gain further momentum .  The latest statistics disclose earnings from agricultural exports , too , have increased , but by a modest 14 per cent . In the first nine months , agricultural exports grew mainly due to increases in prices . According to the Central Bank , the average export price of tea increased by 3.9 per cent to US dollars 4.57 per kg and the average rubber prices rose by 40.3 per cent to US dollars 4.96 per kg in September 2011 , compared to S..

..ding retail chain in Bangladesh but also a formidable player in the world retail scene given the strength of our brand , the quality of our team , the resources at our disposal and the foresight of our board of directors .  This success was possible due to various individuals from within the Rahimafrooz Group and external consultants who guided and supported us in our journey .  I would have liked to have stayed on with Agora to see the rapid expansion , but it was important for me to decide to move o..

..gether in harmony for the prosperity of our motherland and for the wellbeing of our future generations .  President Rajapakse pointed out that the government fully understood the burning issues of the people , such as the escalating cost of living , due to uncontrollable local and global factors , and urged the people to bear with him until such time the government could remedy them . ' We are a developing country while fighting a war . Please    Sri Lanka News Updates with Discussions  Sri Lankan New..

..ttributed the lower import expenditure during September 2012 to the developments in both external and domestic economic conditions .  According to the monetary authority , expenses on imports of most consumer goods as well as non-food items declined due to the depreciation of the rupee since February and to the tightening of credit conditions .  Exports Earnings for the first nine months of 2012 stood at US$ 7.4 billion , a 5.8% decline from a year ago while the imports expenditure declined 3.3 percen..

..ing able to see the body as it lies or sits while the seeing part ( and this has given rise to the belief in a separate ' Soul ' ) looks on from above . Certain quite ordinary people , knocked unconscious by a motor-car , for instance , or in a coma due to disease , have , had the experience .  This is not the place to go into a lengthy explanation but you will understand the quite mundane reason if you follow the practice .  Here , also , we must steer a middle course between blind belief and blind d..

..ed by the low base of Q4 2008 -- which was substantially lower than growth in 2007 and 2006 ( 8.5% each ) and 2005 ( 8.8% ) .  Mining accounted for 21% of the growth , factory industry accounted for 43% of growth ( 55% of factory industry growth was due to growth in food and beverages ) and construction contributed 23% of the growth . It is noteworthy that textiles and garments continued to contribute only a small component of growth -- and this too could reduce come Q1 2010 as garment exports have co..

..te Supreme SAT-I launched to orbit on November 27 , 2012 around 3:43 p.m. local time from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in China.Now the Satellite has positioned over Sri Lanka .  Earlier it was scheduled to launch on November 22 but postponed due to bad weather in the outer space and some technical problems said President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's youngest son Rohita Rajapaksa who is a technical advisor/engineer of the project .  Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa 's youngest son Rohitha Rajapak..

..students receive the same US transcript an American student would receive studying in US . This means they can then transfer to a university of their choice in US . The local study programme reduces costs and can actually increase employment options due to wider international exposure .  A PhD qualified American faculty , a fully accredited American education , an all American curriculum , small classes with individual attention , easy transfer options to a university of your choice make ANC your pref..

..patriate labor ( mainly unskilled and sadly women ) garments and so called non-traditional exports like food , gems etc . These sectors do not need any input from professionals . Apart from shouldering economy , the war the writer talk about was won due to the sacrifices of rural people to the tune of 29k dead . The bottom line is educated and urbanites are free loading on the productivity of I should add non-English speaking rural people . And we have this misconception that learning English solve al..

..d hospital equipment . "  Mango , not only teenagers , but the unborn too have been , are being maimed , deformed and killed including the living by your regime 's poisoning them with arsenic ! More than 20000 people have had their kidneys destroyed due to murderous measurers of your sugar daddy ! And when these countries finally impose the same embargos against this despot you will understand the real consequences of offering your posterior to a senile despot !  So , MR is now directly responsible fo..

..n't they ? It 's always the President who has to inject life and action to all issues in our country . SO , we know where incompetence begins ! !  The real issue is not insurance but the weather . With or without insurance if cricket is not played , due to adverse weather , it is waste or time and resources . Any idiot know that October-November is the time for rain if there to be any rain . Unfortunately the cricket pundits yet to    Former Army Commander Sarath Fonseka told Daily Mirror the conditio..

..C-section during delivery and any complications have to be transported 3hours by road ( road in bad condition ) to Jaffna . This is not practical in the case of a delivery . The chances of these pregnancies needing assistance during delivery is high due to the fact that all 40 of the expectant mothers are being treated for severe anemia during    Wednesday , February 29 , 2012  Share this social sharing button set is a very famous widget among bloggers. because it is customization supported , Easy to ..

..in especially urban areas , and typically the work they find is domestic work . Biased religious and cultural practices that go against women and children also push women to look for work outside their home communities . Ever increasing debt burdens due to failing crops mean that women must seek new types of employment to repay debts . Often domestic workers are single parents , widowed , estranged or with alcoholic husbands . They must work for the survival of their children .  Migrant domestic work ..

..ll find no other diplomat from any other country making comments about his superiors , colleagues and about policy like Sri Lankan diplomats do especially when a country faces critical foreign challenges ?  This may be because Sri Lanka is unique or due to the influence of non professional career diplomats or party politics that had crept into the Foreign affairs like in other institutions .  if Dayan Jayathilake and Prof Rajiv are the heroes of Geneva 2009 why their talents are not recognized in 2012..

..end to have dry hair . The hair gets dry as the oil glands in the scalp are inactive or lack moisture . Dry hair is prone to frizziness , split ends and tends to break easily .  Oily -- People with oily skin tend to have oily hair . The hair is oily due to the excessive secretion of oil from the glands . Oily hair needs to be washed often .  Combination -- People with combination have an oily scalp , while the ends are dry . The ends are lighter in colour than the root hair . Combination hair is prone..

..it is not surprising that modern people , burning with inner greed , hatred , and delusion , are heating up the external atmosphere through their actions .  Global warming is a concept that denotes the temperature increase in the earth 's atmosphere due to the huge amounts of carbon dioxide emitted by human activity , mostly through the inconsiderate combustion of fossil fuels , such as oil and coal .  Although climate scientists have been warning against the potentially disastrous effects of global w..

..ntion camp 28 Tamil suspects were hacked to death by villagers in front of Sri Lankan army  When the case against the perpetrators of the murders and their accomplices went up to the court , a rare occurrence in itself , the judge dismissed the case due to insufficient evidence without any retrial or recourse to justice .  I would call it courage without conviction . That was actually the point of my last post : that by politicizing the terrorist and his agenda for their own gains , the politicians ha..

..Bible , for example : " The earth was formed out of water and by water " ( NIV Bible ) . In the Qur'an it is stated that " Living things are made of water " .  New industry  Many countries today use tap water for drinking purposes but simultaneously due to skilful marketing strategies bottling of water for drinking has turned into an enormous industry worldwide creating , of course , additional auxiliary jobs . Through international networks this new business floods into billions where various brand n..

..e best library in South Asia was in Jaffna .  We have to develop those areas back to the same standard . We have to show them that there is a world beyond terrorism . The responsibility is on both Tamil and the Sinhala youth as both of them suffered due to terrorism and war .  Q:What is your objective in politics ?  A : Now Mahinda Rajapaksa is not known as son of D.A . Rajapaksa . D.A . Rajapaksa is known as father of Mahinda Rajapaksa . I think my success would come the day when people may know Mahi..

..s make things look worse that they really are in the short term .  It 's easy to use day of conversion attribution reporting to make things look better but you 're most likely not taking into account the true effectiveness of marketing dollars spent due to latency of conversions .  For example , if you push for more volume this week and report with day of conversions attribution then you will most likely show relatively poor performance as conversions volume recorded this week is commensurate with mar..

..ugh XP1 connector , using the same protection components as above . The solenoid that does the lock is connected on XT1 connector . Solenoid is controlled from a power MOSFET IRF540 ( VT3 ) . Diode VD7 is added to protect MOSFET from voltage strikes due to solenoid inductance . Transistor VT3 is controlled from VT2 , which reverses the logic state that 's appears on P3.0 , so on VT3 we have output 0V and 12V . This additional transistor is useful as it translates the mcu logic levels to 0V and 12V , c..

.. for doing a great job ! I am having a Starlet GT Turbo car which is 1330CC which does 12-14Km/L even in City limits . And I was looking for this PANDA and interested on it . But reading the comments on the blog , now a bit hesitated of going for it due to bad customer service and the lack of spares available .  Could you please mention , in the specification it says Panda has Volvo Engine with 4 cylinders ? If that is so , how come it does just 8kM/L .. ? I saw a new Chervolet cars price ranged frm 1..

..uld throw it up on the nice set of seats ) . Furthermore we could have got tea and coffee the whole night if we wanted , use the WiFi and tv . Is n't it a little bit luxurious to travel like that ? It was truly a nice experience though without sleep due to shaking and jumping of the train which gave me the feeling the train might literally lose the tracks beneath . But this is the specialty of Sri Lankan trains in general . Since we had a funny night close to a fun    slide out  Follow by Email  Subsc..

..e projects currently under way in the Jaffna district . Mayor of Jaffna Municipal Council Yogeswari Patkunarajah , Government Agent of Jaffna Imelda Sukumar , MP Chandrakumar , and Appadurai Vinyagamoorthi were present .  Minister Ranawaka said that due to the conflict the electricity network was destroyed during 1987-1988 . However the damaged network is being restored by the CEB . He said that renovation and repair works are expected to be completed by mid next year . Around 80 percent of the people..

..s punk rock ) for the hearts &; minds of Sri Lankans . Is n't Buddhism well established in Sri Lanka ? Are you afraid that the few wealthy people who could afford the show will all of a sudden abandon their national identities &; religious knowledge due to exposure to Akon 's music ?  Re : " Is their no freedom for other countries to manage their thing in their ways ? Why western democracies thrust upon their ideas on other and force them to follow their toes ? "  Is n't Sri Lanka a democracy ? Regard..

..ority parties should be banned ? ? they pose an obstacle to reconciliation and integration .  The Tamil people we accept have gone through much so have all the other communities ? ? let it not be mistakenly concluded that their grievances are SOLELY due to the Sinhalese .  Vellala Tamils will hold one view , Batticola Tamils will hold another , so too will Trincomalee Tamils , the Middle Class Tamils will also have their issues , the low caste will have the biggest issues and it is the most unbiased w..

..cent to 46,370 and 2,150 metric tons , respectively in 2011 . This high growth witnessed in the Northern province was also supported by the expansion of banking services , with 34 new branches established in 2011 .  The increased economic activities due to major infrastructure development projects including Southern highway , Mattala airport and Hambantota port , as well as better performance in the tourism sector contributed largely to the high growth of 21.4 percent in the Southern province GDP . Th..

..hat students should be involved in extra curricular activities " , he said .  Parents ' opinion  Parents face grater difficulties when handling issues of their teen children . Unfortunately , as teens gain maturity , parents may lose control on them due to their busy schedules with lots of tuition classes . They spend most of their time away from parents ' supervision . To keep parents sane and to avoid constant bickering , children 's concern about school performance should be firm and consistent . E..

..l see that they say the Chinese are in heavy competition with many other nations for construction rights in Arabia . There are two important implications here : ( I ) that the Chinese will never get exclusive rights for any major building projects , due to their poor reputation , and ( II ) the Chinese can be quickly replaced if low-quality work begins to pose a health hazard . Even though one of the articles does indeed mention " giant " projects , it does not actually specify the name of any such pr..

..n from it - Proactive maintenance - maintenance based on the root cause of possible problems - Reactive maintenance - continue to run until component fails and then replacing . Maintenance costs includes the cost of spare parts as well as the losses due to any delay in aquiring the spare parts . Therefore the availability of spares also needs to be considered .  Managing mining machinery is a continuous and cyclic process and if done in the proper manner , it can improve the operating efficiency of   ..

..ting on the judgment the Defense Secretary said , " It proves the saying that the truth triumphs " . Today , though , the publication has changed hands and has a new Chief Editor . The former ownership announced that the case had been heard ex-parte due to an administrative error delaying the filing of answer by the defence . They clarified that the case was filed against the editor and the owner of the newspaper . The editor was no longer living and the ownership too had been changed . So , they have..

.. wants the Tamils in Lanka not only to re-establish this so-called Jaffna kingdom but she also wants that to be extended to cover the entire northern province and annex the entirety of the eastern province as well , "  This Indian pressure is wholly due to our inability to UPHOLD our national Hela/Sinhela Sovereignty to the island of Heladiva INCLUSIVE of all non indigenous minorities into a unitary nationhood as we always give Tamils and others separate entity status , without the slightest understan..

..tle Basses reefs of the South-East coast of Sri Lanka . Until the two Light Houses , Great Basses and Little Basses were built and commissioned by British rulers in 1870 under the Imperial Light House service , this navigationally hazardous region ( due to coral reef approx 6 to 7 miles away from main land Sri Lanka ) interrupted number of voyages of ships on famous ' Silk Route ' .  Location of Great Basses and Little Basses Light Houses south East of Sri Lanka  The area of the Great and Little Basse..

..ei of the pandian kingdom . Agamudaiyar is peppered throughout to safe guard temples . Velalar/devendra kula velalar too are peppered through out the kingdom who indulge in farming . Most castes at peacetime do the Farming as well . Other castes are due to intrusion by other periodic rules .  Due to their majority in numbers Thevar castes command their areas in southern Tamilnadu and are being exploited by all political parties and vice versa . They are akin to the Singhalese to discriminate and explo..

..ossibility , " he said .  Dillon added that the government urgently needs to find a way to integrate Uighurs into the modern economy . Many Uighurs do not speak Mandarin ,    Plain truth about a pilot 's heart  The news about a young pilot recruited due to his close filial connections in a state arm has become the subject of serious concern . Just weeks earlier , after he had been put through a number of operational phases , it was discovered during the periodic routine medical check that he had a hea..

.. . It was also revealed that these funds were channeled to LTTE for purchase of arms through S. Ramachandran , a leader in the LTTE overseas front .  June 7  Sri Lankan minister Reginald Cooray had to cancel his participation in a function and leave due to a planned protest by the LTTE supporters in Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu .  June 8  The murderers of Andrew Mahendrarajah Anthonipillai , a Canadian of Sri Lankan origin , who was killed at Kaagncheepuram lane , near Paranthan junction , on May 3 , have ..

..nd critically injured . 65  According to local media reports , the Inspector General of Police ( IGP ) in Punjab suspended both Muhammad Haneef , the Superintendent of the Police ( Investigation Branch ) , and the Deputy Superintendent of the Police due to their ' failure maintain law and order ' , and Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gilani personally phoned the Chief Minister of Punjab for an appraisal of the situation . 66 On 22 July the Chief Justice of Lahore High Court , Khawaja Mohammad Sharif ,..

..ents the letters to the editor suggesting various punishments including gallows ( death sentence ) . But these punishments are not really worth as far as the victim is concerned . Even these punishments meted out to the offenders are not carried out due to influence . These punishments are not going to help the victim in any way . In this connection I read an article in the letters to the editor two weeks ago a where one reader emphasizes that the above punishments are not going to have an impact on t..

..ger in 1912 ) describes the devastating impact of the great Wijithapura Battle that occurred in 205 B.C. The triumphant King Dutugemunu experienced severe depressive feelings soon after the battle . This could have been a negative emotional reaction due to post combat depression . The King had guilty feelings over the men that perished in the war . He felt that he was personally responsible for these lives . Later the King 's emotional suffering was healed by a monk .  From 103B.C to 89 B.C , Sri Lank..

..e dormant .  In fact , this is not the first time the people had to pay dearly for the officials ? indolence . The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami that accounted for 30,196 deaths while leaving many destitute , was the height of their lethargy . However , due to the newness of the nature of the calamity and the fact that Sri Lanka had never been a victim of such a disaster , the allegations against them were gradually toned down . Friday ? s incident which went on to become an extension of their heedlessnes..

..d families of these Martyrs are to be proud forever . The families of our Sons of the Nation remain earning the highest respect of our Nation .  Our struggle originated and developed on the principles of justice . It transformed in to the armed mode due to factors necessitated by time . Our people chose the armed struggle as a last resort only after exhausting all other options .  Our struggle has all the justifications that marks armed liberation struggles all over the world that occurred in the past..

..threat was all there all the time .  In one of these commotions , an attack by Sinhalese King 's -Kandyan forces on the Tamil Kingdom in the Jaffna peninsula , Father Andrew was taken .  The attack was repulsed and the Portuguese victory was thought due to a miracle . The Portuguese first retired , then sallied forth to trounce the enemy . There is no knowing whether Father Andrew was stationed in those parts or moved with the army . The Portuguese historian and author of the Conquista , de Queyroz , ..

..ildlife area .  Ranasinghe Premadasa  In regard to Irudeniyaya , it was Mrs. Bandaranayake that settled these farmer families there . Later President Premadasa and the then Chief Minister Gamini Jayawickrema Perea wanted to acquire these lands . But due to strong protests had to stop and later President Wijetunge allowed these farmer families to stay there .  Politics not development  President Rajapaksa recently at a District development Committee meeting held in Kurunegala wanted to take back this l..

..one was mainly light brown in colour . These insects were later identified to be a Shield bug species of Family Pentatomoidae . After walking about 50 m from the starting point we turned right and entered the forest . Forest floor was a bit slippery due to wet soil and litter . It was a secondary rain forest with a high canopy and less under story vegetation .  Among the faunal species observed , Green Pit Viper and Tree Climbing Crab were among some highlights . A juvenile Green Pit Viper ( Trimerusu..

..vailable  We will attempt to provide the services 24 hours a day , 7 days a week for as long as you have paid for them . Sometimes , however , for a number of reasons , the services may be unavailable to you . You must recognize and acknowledge that due to the nature of web hosting technology , occasional unavailability of the services can not be avoided . Sometimes there are equipment malfunctions . At other times we undertake periodic maintenance procedures or repairs . Still other times , there are..

..ng  Nancy Morgan Livestock Policy Officer FAO Regional Office , Bangkok  The primary drivers in dairy sector development include changes in demand , advances in production , transportation and communication technology , enhanced on-farm productivity due to improved management , and the expanding scope of dairy product marketing . However , a creative mix of sector policies and programmes that provide an enabling environment for sector development and private sector engagement can favourably influence ..

.. because the recovery was spread out across all sectors -- Agriculture , manufacturing and services . " Over all there was a lot of confidence in the Sri Lankan economy , " he said .  Overall inflation increased to reach 8.6 per cent in March 2011 , due to escalating food prices -- 13.9 per cent higher than a year earlier . The ADB expects inflation to average 8 per cent in 2011 . Supply side factors will help restrain price rise in 2012 , including growth in local food production and improvements to ..

..s , however this time round as I could chose the date I was admitted the Doctor gave a note for me to be admitted to a Class I paying ward .  Once the admission formalities were completed on Monday , July 25th I was admitted after 1pm , and was told due to the preparation times etc , that I would not get any food till after 1pm the next day . It is part of the bureaucracy on their part !  The room in on the 5th floor of the Bandaranayake building , and overlooks the new Central Hospital and various Co..

.., adding that the UN body was of the view that ' six per cent ' should come from both public and private sector .  Jayathilake said that the Examinations Department had been compelled to postpone the GCE ( A/L ) answer script evaluation indefinitely due to the FUTAstrike .  According to him , it was very unfair by the innocent students to boycott answer script evaluation .  " When doctors launch continuous strikes , they engage in emergency services , " the senior academic said , noting that it was ve..

..ce examination held by the Central College ( day-scholars ) .  By the year 1942 Scholars were selected from various schools of the region and were admitted to the Central Colleges . The expected English education , however , was not fully introduced due to lack of teachers . Mr. C. W. W. Kannnangara advertised for posts of Principles of the newly established Central Colleges and the response was remarkable . There were many London B. A. Graduates anticipating the posts of Principal in these new establ..

.. riot/war and obliterate or amend the existing constitution and write a new one . And no use attacking the messenger who is Ranil !  People who criticize Ranil do it out of their sheer desperation of not being able to change this government and also due to their poor understanding of the Constitution and the power of the Executive and the Legislature . No wonder even Gamini has got overcome by the pressure and lack of overall and subtle implications . Everyone must understand that we are dealing with ..

..o presidential elections all the way till 2007 . We knew that we had to get over that era and back him -- therefore it has to be recognized that we got over it , or else we would not have trusted him .  Q : You were naturally pressured into politics due to the expectations people had of your family . If you could have made this decision outside of all that pressure and expectation would you still have entered politics ?  Soon after my father died , I was also passionate about politics and I thought of..

..ese lands have been given back to the original owners .  De-mining  The Government took speedy action to resettle over 265,000 displaced people within three-years and there is no reason to keep the remaining 5,000 in welfare centres . This is purely due to the delay in de-mining and not because of the Army occupying their land .  Over 98 percent of the displaced people are resettled and except these welfare centres - Kadiragamar , Zone 1 and 2 - the rest are closed as people are resettled .  Soon afte..

..sland  by Dasun Edirisinghe  Although the University Grants Commission and the Higher Education Ministry vowed to admit over 5,000 additional students to universities , following a Supreme Court order , faculty boards of universities are crying foul due to a shortage of facilities to accommodate them .  Undergraduates claimed that some faculty boards decided to stop some academic courses and they had informed their decision to the UGC recently .  Convener of the Inter University Students ' Federation ..

..r to arrive on an inspection . The guest was a Bangladeshi , and because he was a VIP , the client had requested I personally handle the security . He flew into Baghdad and everything went well for the thirty-six hours he was in the country . He was due to fly out to Amman in Jordan , but changed his mind . He was supposed to visit one of their sites in Jordan , close to the Iraqi border , and instead of flying to Amman and then going out to the site , he decided he would drive across the border and c..

..er was injured .  President Rajapakse was expected to deliver an address to the nation in the evening of May 17th . Monday May 18th was to be declared a national holiday to celebrate victory over terrorism .  The plan did not go through as scheduled due to a number of reasons . Considerable pressure was exerted on account of anticipated civilian casualties .  There is also international pressure on Colombo to go slow and create time and space for speedy evacuation of seriously injured persons .  Accor..

..ws only about the famous constructions going on now . This is the mask of the SL poltics . Therefore , it is very much needed a well planed programme to inform public rather than the petition campaign . The campaign in internet is not still suitable due to the present education policies in SL . The tremendous affetct of the public regarding upholding SL education will make the track for the authories . This is well begun , now this is quater done but still authorities sleep because there is no any isl..

..ded . At present species are becoming extinct at the fastest rate known in geological history , and most of these extinctions are tied to human activity.Experts estimate that the world is losing 137 plant , animal and insect species every single day due to rainforest deforestation . That equates to 50,000 species a year . Global deforestation sharply accelerated around 1852 . It has been estimated that about half of the Earth 's mature tropical forests of the original 15 - 16 million square kilometers..

..u to savageness .  Do you remember that you were asking your friends ( and their families ) not to hang out with your opponents ? Your friendship with them dissipated because they did n't listen to you . How often do you think a friendship breaks up due to such reasons ?  You are fond of hurting your opponents ' hearts very much . You send messages with rude words hoping to hurt them . You desire a victory by hurting them . ( In such occasions , you take the advantage of all your corrupted words , lie..

..our first challenge ) ?  You say " I will assume that you have certain pubescent aggression issues "  If you sense aggression in my post it is a response to the aggression in your original challenge . Whether yours were Pubescent or Pre pubescent or due to Senility is not my concern . You want to discuss with Civility I will reciprocate your civility . If you want to do it any other way I have no difficulty in responding likewise . It 's your choice , as you are the one who responded aggressively in t..

..errorism , Terrorism , and Crimes involving the use of weapons/explosives -- Was it not in connection with the Rajiv murder incident ?  A : The answer is yes and no.Yes , because it was in connection with the Rajiv incident . No , because it was not due to any involvement by me in the assassination .  Q ; What do you exactly mean ? Can you explain further ?  A : The Indian CBI knows I had no hand in the murder . That is why I am not mentioned in the charge sheet in the court case in India over Rajiv G..

..nd treat as many as I could and I gave them all names . Many were so feral , or so frightened or injured that even when I could employ a vet we could not get close enough to treat them . Coupled with the very real fear local people had of these dogs due to Rabies or the belief that they would catch mange from these dogs even the young pups were ostracised and no one wanted to care for them .  A more sensible person than I would probably have walked away at that point , quite simply I had no idea the s..

..uetooth connectivity is provided with the standard MobiReceipt while the Latest and the advance version is available with android technology for high end smartphones .  Insurance advisor is able to check the current status of the policy and payments due to using the mobile phone and print a receipt using a mobile printer which communicates with the mobile phone via Bluetooth technology . The advanced version has the added benefits of policy search , collections and due reports . MobiReceipt provides t..

.. helping people to re-build lives . So I will definitely succeed .  Q : Why not make a request that you be released so that you can engage without any restraints or constraints in your mission to help people ?  A : I will not make such a request now due to two reasons . One is that I do n't want to be a free man when thousands of ex-LTTE cadres are not free yet . When the situation improves and the greater part of ex-cadres are released or brought to courts then I too can think of being free .  The ot..

.. the existing facilities were insufficient to accommodate the whole students .  However , Higher Education Ministry Secretary , Dr Sunil Jayantha said the government had allocated Rs.4 billion to increase the facilities and resources of universities due to the additional intake .  Old News :  The admissions to Sri Lanka state universities for new academic year 2011/2012 would be delayed and FUTA says admission would be take place in June 2013 since the cut off marks have to be finalized before admissi..

..tive Bargaining Agent from the union with a membership of 40% of the workforce is appointed and is then the principle negotiator in consultation with the other unions in the industry .  In the event of the terms of the collective agreement failing , due to the employer not honouring the conditions then conciliation through the Industrial Relations Department is initiated with a view to settle the dispute through a Memorandum of Settlement . If that too fails , then both parties can resort to voluntary..

