..ct with each other , create new topics/discussions and some of them even moderate the forums along with you . 1 . Forum from Wikipedia . 2 . The popular Digital Point Forums  A few weeks back , even I started a forum - BloggerStop-Community ( closed due to some problems ) on a sub-domain of my website ( main.bloggerstop.net ) .  But in free Blogger/BlogSpot blogs , hosting a forum seems impossible , but not anymore . Before you read any further , see these 2 examples :  NOTE ( Important ) : Replace th..

..ace was lacking wine ) , and had an excess of food and " delicatessens " that at this time was not available to common people . The common people were lacking even simple things like sugar , cooking oil , chicken , rice , gas , and many other things due to disorganized government distribution , while Allende could buy directly from foreign countries . He also dressed in expensive , elegant suits and silk ties ( impossible to buy such luxuries at the time ! ) , which he would take off ( or change cloth..

..t PR during the Permatang Pasir bye-election just to prove their displeasure , I can only say this , " Go on lie down and spit , see where the spittle lands ! "  En Haris .. Keep up the pressure on PAS , DAP &; PKR -- They are already lagging either due to being tired or the traditional " tarak apa " Malaysian attitude . They owe a BIG apology to voters in Perak for loosing the administration of the state . DAP and PKR contributed to the loss and PAS has been very profesional thus far and I MUST THANK..

..t the rate of one and half percentum ( 1.5% ) per month calculated daily on any sums outstanding beyond the said date .  Upon termination of this Agreement the Supplier shall have the right to utilize all or part of the deposit to offset any arrears due to the Supplier .  In addition to the Subscription , the Subscriber shall pay :  Any sales , use , added value , property , withholding or similarly taxes , payable in respect of the Said Service or any part thereof , and/or the provision of the Servic..

..ya , Sabah , Sarawak and Singapore , signed the agreement establishing the Federation of Malaysia . Approval to form Malaysia was obtained on 31 August 1963 . However , the establishment of Malaysia which was planned on that date had to be postponed due to the fact that the United Nations Secretary reports can only be completed on 14 September    Arowana Information  In wild , arowana pair themselves up by natural selection . They spend weeks to months courting , and when they are ready , the female w..

.. to renew your subscription by subscribing to Google groups ( as detailed in later part of this email ) so that we can confirm your email id is still active .  Please note that email ids in our existing database will not be imported to Google groups due to the reason detailed in the mail sent out previously . If you would like to receive our updates in future , please make sure that you subscribe to our Google groups without fail .  Gmail &; Non-Gmail users : Please send a mail to **40;3157;TOOLONG ....

.. did not come and look for me , but I actually called them    Local graduates fall short of employers ' expectations  KUALA LUMPUR : Graduates emerging from the Malaysian education system are failing to meet the expectations of prospective employers due to a lack of critical thinking skills and poor communication .  This has resulted in employers having to provide additional training to fit them into their respective job scopes while many graduates have to accept employment that does not correspond wi..

..iring week . My sister 's family was here in KL so I tried to be a good host to them by offering myself to be their tour guide and driver at the same time .  .  They actually came up with a last-minute plan of going to Malacca but I had to stay back due to my work commitment . Since my leave was already approved for Friday , I just thought may be I should do a one-day trip to Genting Highland with mom so that it would n't just go to waste .  It was n't my first time of going up there but it was certai..

..have received a huge boost and are now shaping public opinion to the BN 's own detriment .  Remember the saying -- hosted by one 's own petard ? That 's why the alternative press got so popular and the MSM almost obsolete . If not for their monopoly due to the Home Ministry 's licensing system , many of the MSM newspapers would become dinosaurs -- eroded by competition .  No amount of spinning , in whatever ' cosmetic dusted ' form can dissuade the Rakyat from voting against any evil entity that choos..

.. Teik , that God will bless him and grant him wisdom as he takes over as the next Bishop of the Methodist Church in Malaysia in 2013 . Pray also for God 's wisdom upon the TRAC Board of Appointments as there will be a shortage of pastors next year ( due to some pastors retiring and others going for further studies ) , and pray for more people to come into the pastoral ministry .  Saturday , ( Nov 3 ) -- Pray for the World : The leadership of a church in Tehran , Iran , is forced to submit names and id..

.. . 15  International Cooperation The Indonesian Government has been negotiating with the Malaysian Government to amend the 2006 MOU which allows employers to confiscate passports from migrant workers . However , talks were stalled in 2010 reportedly due to an impasse on the issue of a minimum wage and a weekly day off , which the government of Indonesia is demanding for domestic workers . 16  Recommendations The U.S. Department of State recommends that the Malay Government enact the following measures..

..placed in 268 flood evacuation centers in Johor and Pahang states , down from 112,000 displaced at the height of flooding , according to the Malaysian Red Crescent Society .  On January 17 , U.S. Ambassador Christopher J. LaFleur declared a disaster due to the effects of the flooding . In response , OFDA provided $50,000 through the U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur to the Malaysian Red Crescent Society to support emergency relief efforts , including the local purchase of relief supplies and related logist..

..our life  . Cognitive habits are the hardest to break , but it can be done . Ask yourself honestly if you see everyone and everything as an adversary or an obstacle . Odds are , the world is n't exactly that way - but you think it is , whether it 's due to paranoia or past experience . Try these tips on changing your worldview :  When you wake up in the morning , resolve that you 're going to greet every person or experience as if it 's brand-new to you . Shed your preconceived notions , and give ever..

..granted until there is a shortage of this staple food .  For example , during the Japanese occupation in Malaya during the World War II , there was shortage of food , and the people had to resort to eating a lot tapioca to replace rice . As a result due to the lack of nutrition , diseases such as beri-beri were rampant .  In Malay culture , each grain of rice is revered . The rice is believed to have its own spirit . Therefore , in places where rice are planted in large scale , there is a festival to ..

..e Shari'ah and its morals and values . It is important in our Islamic Society , that the Islamic principles , morals and values are upheld with the fullest conviction , honour and austerity , in obedience to Allah , exalted be He . And all praise is due to Allah , in the beginning and the end . May the blessings    PREFACE Family , society and ultimately the whole of mankind is treated by Islam on an ethical basis . Differentiation in sex is neither a credit nor a drawback for the sexes . Therefore , ..

..ows it to move easily through the water with minimal frictional drag  The body of a fish is covered with scales that overlap one another with the free end pointing backwards to reduced frictional drag in the water .  The movement of fish in water is due to the antagonistic action of the W shaped segmental block of muscles ( myotomes ) on both sides of the backbone and the action of its fins  Locomotion in Fish Forward Movement  During swimming , the tails is swept from side to side to bend the body on..

..permanent . Therefore , Birth and Death must be explained as phenomena within the process of dependent arising in everyday life of ordinary people . Right Mindfulness is lost during contacts of the Roots and surroundings . Thereafter , when vexation due to greed , anger , and ignorance is experienced , the ego has already been born . It is considered as one " birth . " The " birth " that originates from the mother 's womb used in everyday language is not the " birth " meant in the doctrine of dependen..

..g that dies goes into rigor mortis , this basically means all the muscle tissues are stiffened as a result of muscle protein coagulation soon after death . Our chickens , all varieties are tender and juicy with a nice bite to it , not soft and mushy due to the simple fact that we take the trouble to do aging . An aged chicken is tastier and more tender as compared to a chicken that cooked or frozen soon after being killed . We start cooling the birds in ice water right after the main feathers are remo..

..who it is that practises , where or when . Do n't let your thoughts be like thick wet mud so that you tread on thorns that you can not see , causing pain and suffering to yourself -- the one that has such great value -- causing its downfall and ruin due to the over-ruling power of stupidity and ignorance which compels and draws one in their direction . For these are the ' Dhamma truths ' ( Sacca -- Dhamma ) which each one of us has within ourselves . The first pair of Dhamma truths which are concerned..

..mental degradation , said global conservation organisation WWF , which is supporting the expedition .  Deaths of the creature have been caused by boat strikes and fishing gear accidents as well as degradation of rivers -- and dolphin food sources -- due to pollution and severe droughts blamed on climate change .  " If we are going to save the Yangtze finless porpoise ... we must take immediate action to keep the Yangtze River and its lakes healthy , " Lei Gang , director of WWF China 's freshwater pro..

..ontent .  " I believe the truth is now coming out . It is so obvious to ordinary Sarawakians that the BN has failed us for the    KUALA LUMPUR , KOMPAS.com -- A number of regions in Malaysia , such as Terengganu , Kelantan and Johor , in recent days due to floods high enough rainfall in the area until thousands of people have dievakuasi .  From information received by Bernama , Wednesday ( 23/11/2011 ) , the number of refugees to flood victims in Terengganu and Kelantan , Malaysia , to Wednesday incre..

..the booming Manila .  Another view of Pasig River from the Falsabraga de St. Barbara , the tip most wall of Fort Santiago .  Powder Magazine of Baluarte de St. Barbara .  Initially all the ammunitions were kept in the storage vaults down below , but due to its dampness it was relocated to the new powder magazine on top of the baluarte . The dungeons were then used as prison cells .  Street lamps on our way out of Fort Santiago .  Walking across Plaza de Roma we arrived at the Manila Cathedral . Also k..

.. this semen when ejaculated takes up the lubricating fluids from our body like joints , miniscuss , muscles , nerves , eyes , intestines etc. ( not to be going in detail ) . Infact , changing whole of our appetite and lifestyle . The problems caused due to frequent ' hand work ' which is more than four a month , is innumerous like spinal issues , knee joint problems , pre-mature ejaculation , constrained thoughts , blinking of eyes , blurred vision , drooping shoulders , recessed chest muscles , weak ..

..ism , Y.B. Datuk Seri Tengku Adnan Tengku Mansor , is just a stone 's throw away from the Batu Caves Hindu temple . It is no surprise that Selangor Culture Cove , which is open daily from 9am -- 5pm , is closed during annual Thaipusam celebrations , due to traffic congestion .  Also , do check out the picturesque garden trail that surrounds Selangor Culture Cove , where you will stumble upon exotic herbs , fragrant spices and tropical fruits .  fruit garden  baby pineapples  While Selangor Culture Cov..

.. to improve readability . There 's no right-click menu to facilitate these tasks , and keyboard shorcuts do n't work with Flash . Also , since the text displayed by Flash websites is unreadable by web browsers , visitors who depend on screen readers due to vision impairments might as well be staring at a blank screen .  Reason 11 : Poor Usability Standards  While most of these 12 reasons involve the usability failures of Flash websites , this section specifically addresses how Flash designers typicall..

..e the information , our finding and experiences with you to prepare you to have    IT jobs caught in the middle of IT transformation  4 August 2012  Scot Petersen , Editorial Director  Amid the optimism created by increasing efficiencies in business due to strategic and technological nimbleness , there remains the proverbial specter that is haunting both buyers and sellers in the technology industry : Where are all the IT jobs going ?  Cisco announced recently its latest step ( 1,300 jobs cut ) in an ..

.. found the picture at GSC 1Utama to be somewhat distractingly dim , and thought it the fault of a run-down projector . It was over a week before I got the chance to watch it again , this time at GSC Tropicana Mall , and it was the same . Seems it 's due to the overly-bright Malay subtitles on the Digital 2D print that washes out the rest of the picture . Feh and fiddlesticks , but I could n't watch the new Batman movie on anything other than Digital 2D . I think I may have become spoiled by the extra ..

.. take photographs .  For my second child , born at the end of July , I was very happy to be expecting a girl . It was a different pregnancy from my first . I had different food cravings . I was also tired for most of it , but I think this was mainly due to already having an active two-year-old to look after . I also said to myself that if the estimated birth weight was over 3.5kg , I would go for a caesarean section .  At my 38-week check-up , my **26;5184;TOOLONG estimated that the baby ? s birth wei..

..s strategy and to implement measures that can show how well HR activities are contributing to the bottom-line .  The development of results strategy stem from a number of reasons , some of which you may already know .  Onset of increased competition due to globalization , resulting in competition for skilled workers being one example  Aims of HRM Strategy Writers state the following as the aims of human resource stragy , among many others .  to ensure that business planning recognizes that the ultimat..

..n :  " The Pali word Putimuttan means urine which is repulsive in nature . Tarunan means fresh or young ; as it flows out it is warm ? . From that urine the early part of the flow is meant here . The urine flowing out from the genital ? remains warm due to the body temperature . "  These details indicate that the prevailing translations of the Vinaya Pitaka might be incorrect . The Commentary and Sub-commentary leads us to a more practical and pragmatic end , supported by the direct translation of the..

..ign Minister admire President Hu Jintao , would like kids to see Terra Cotta Warriors  Japan 's new Foreign Minister admire President Hu Jintao , would like kids to see Terra Cotta Warriors  A former Democratic Party secretary general of the Okada , due to its consistent adherence to the friendly policy towards China by the Japanese right-wingers labeled " pro-China " label . After taking office , this topic has been speculations . However , Okada was not too concerned about this , he has steadfastly ..

.. third quarter compared favourably against an operating loss of RM192 million and a loss after tax of RM478 million in the same period in 2011 , it said .  The improvement in performance quarter-on-quarter ( q-o-q ) at the operating level was mainly due to the Route Rationalisation Programme which saw a seven per cent reduction in ASK ( Available Seat Kilometre ) .  This resulted in a nine per cent decrease in fuel costs and a seven per cent decrease in non-fuel costs in line with capacity cuts .  MAS..

..t of normal day to day activities . However , there are other causes that can lead to you experiencing back pains .  A rupture to the jelly-like discs between your vertebrae at the spine area can cause pain . The reduction of space between the bones due to the ruptured discs can cause impingement on the nerves that run along the spinal column . Sciatica is one of those conditions affected by nerve impingement . The condition of sciatica refers to the situation where the bulging disc impacts and presse..

..r fatal accident in her own time zone . Zhang Xiao becomes stranded in the past in the body of an earlier incarnation of herself . Many of Ma'ertai 's family members and friends believe that the sudden change in her behaviour and her memory loss are due to the head injury suffered by " Ma'ertai " . Zhang Xiao is aware that there will be a power struggle between the Kangxi Emperor 's sons , which will eventually result in Prince Yinzhen succeeding to the throne as the Yongzheng Emperor . Zhang Xiao att..

..ast year . This happened even as the Malaysia and Australia/New Zealand operations grew by 27% and 93% respectively on strong sales growth from new models . However , profits from China , Hong Kong and Macau operations declined by 39% y-o-y " mainly due to an increasingly competitive business environment as well as the economic slowdown in China " , the company said .  The property division 's profits improved 15% to RM69.5 million in the first quarter of the financial year helped by higher sales cont..

..ce is not being heard , resentment may build . Heed the signs and get out .  3 . Your fear of failing is less than your fear of remaining unfulfilled . We all have dreams , whether we admit them out loud or not . More often than not we suppress them due to innate fears that we wo n't be successful in trying something new . Stepping out and taking a risk can be daunting . It 's much easier to stay put in the comfy corner office with a steady paycheck . However , this route is not necessarily the most f..

.. of investment which is debt-free and provides passive income , " he explains . " If you do n't think long-term , you ca n't achieve this happy ending . "  Instead , Ahyat sadly notes that many young investors lose sight of the endgame of investment due to the fact that they struggle to even begin . " Someone once said that you must start with the end in mind . "  " When you start that way , you will become more strategic in your investments and make better choices . " To Ahyat , staying true to endga..

..llions of men ( and women ) who used to suffer in silence .  With just one last bad pun to go , I had to ask if the number of erectile dysfunction cases was on the rise .  Ever the professional , Dr. Apichat confirmed that ED was in fact on the rise due to modern lifestyles , aging societies , and work related stress . He summed it perfectly saying , " modern life is killing    PRESS RELEASE : MPS offers guidance for doctors on the use of technology  26 Aug 2011  Taking photographs and recording consu..

..Malaysians . All words are from the author , AK and the data are from me .  **********  Having a million of hard cash today is different from being having a million 30 or even 20 years ago . This is simply because a million dollars is worth less now due to inflation in the cost of goods and services . These days , even a strategically-located apartment in big city center like KL could cost close to a million dollars !  comment : In the 90 's when I was in primary school , there 's this TV quiz show ca..

..recent years have grown to an alarming proportion and which may eventually engulf the nation in a crisis of a proportion never yet seen and or experienced , let alone to be manageable or tamed without outside help to our shame.All these had happened due to poor management of economy and country and too much corruption , neoptism and abuses of power by elected leaders . More often than not these elected leaders assume a role of being " God-Sent " and " in perpetuity " .  On the other hand Singapore led..

..g , mid-year .. we should be grateful and happy that they are planning for it next year . Just got to be real patient and enjoy their individual drama , musical and show our undying support . Do remember they actually wanted a new year album out but due to many factors , consideration involved in their company and commitment for individual activities they could not fulfill that . So enjoy what they are showing us now till that big day comes ! Always Keep The Faith ! Love JYJ !  not just that , other f..

..not comfortable working at other people 's places . Plus , sometimes people treat you like a total stranger and you feel unwelcome . I feel like telling them that this machine that I 'm using is used to be at my campus . But then , it was moved here due to some political issue between our campus . So , that 's why I 'm here . Uuurggghh ...  But yesterday was different . I feel a little bit comfortable or should I say really comfortable . It 's because my supervisor is here with me in the morning . Alt..

..ted to feel the difference after 2 or 3 drinks . I realized I 'm a lot more energetic after I drink Lamor 2 . Usually , in the midst of these busy months , I will get down with a flu or a fever and I tend to sleep a lot because I feel tired and weak due to the workloads . But I managed to go through the beginning of my busy months without any signs of sickness or anything . I do n't need to sleep during the evening anymore because the boost Lamor 2 gave me . This might sound personal , but I also noti..

.. spent , plus with my EPF money to spent on other things .  From my experience , i managed to generate a minimum of 10% monthly from my capital for the past 6 months by trading in Share market . Before that , i did nt do percentage based calculation due to limited capital , but one fine day , i manage to get sum amount of money , and i asked my self , what the heck , this is the time to    Shopping Cart  Terms &; Conditions  Acceptance of Terms  When you access this site , you acknowledge that you hav..

.. workmanship from the original contracted documents , such a change shall constitute a variation to the Works . However , in the construction industry , there are bound to be instances where the Contractor encounters difficulty to complete the Works due to the original design being imperfect ; resulting in the need to carry out extra work in order to resolve the imperfect design to complete the Works entirely even though there is no formal instruction from S.O . ( or **26;0;TOOLONG Director ) . In all..

..e what a political leader friendly to one 's own persuasion has to say .  Compound that by 27 million , and you still wonder why Walski 's feeling JADED ?  Tuesday , August 21 , 2012  This should have been posted a couple of days ago on Sunday , but due to circumstances beyond Walsk 's control , here it is , two days late ...  From all of us here at myAsylum , Selamat Hari Raya Aidil Fitri 1433H . And what better way to wish you all , than to post one of the best Merdeka Day slogan/logo parodies creat..

..1,800 respondents , of which only 4.8% had qualifications of a university degree or more . On the other hand , 85.3% of these respondents had either SPM qualifications or less . Without prejudice to those who were unable to secure tertiary education due to circumstances beyond their control , this is perhaps the most inappropriate sample structure to ask about our Malaysian education system , if the intent was to have a measure of its quality .  Perhaps what is worse is , less than 5% of the sample ha..

.. at the moment . Stay tuned as we bring you updates . Follow us on Twitter for the very latest on the HTC One X+  loyal htc user , u shud compare One X with S3 ... u can not compare an apple with an orange . i was interested to get One X too ... but due to price and some reasons , i took S3 . One X gives beatsaudio earphone ! ! *jealous* hehehe . Am sure u love your One X.  Juz wondering , why all the phone manufacturers gives only 1G RAM for Asian market , where the US gets 2G of RAM ? in a way , i t..

..l seems to be the most likely candidate to replace Abdullah , former Bertam assemblyman Datuk Hilmi Abdul Rashid is also lobbying for the seat . There is also talk that Datuk Zainal Abidin Osman , all the way from Nibong Tebal , may be parachuted in due to his close relationship with Abdullah . Among other names mentioned was former Penang deputy chief minister Datuk Ibrahim Saad  " Of course now that Abdullah is no longer in charge , Zainal wo n't have as much chance as Reezal or even Hilmi especiall..

..or my children future , I would ask them join Chinese school as more competitive curiculum . Of course , National language is a must , but not to be emphasize so much for economic reason as able to converse is enough . English &; Chinese is priority due to market demand in future .  I believe this is pragmatism and for our survival . In fact , Malaysian Malays should learn MORE ENGLISH and CHINESE for future .  Do n't you think this guy is spewing alot of nonsense after what he did to race and country..

..nding on their extent and nature .  Thyroglossal cyst  This is a painless lump in the middle part of the neck just below the chin . It moves up on swallowing . When infected , it becomes painful .  A thyroglossal cyst is benign and is believed to be due to a defect in the closure of the tract that connects the thyroid gland to the foramen caecum ( developmental part of the back of the tongue ) .  It can present in children or in young adults . It requires complete excision to prevent recurrence . If n..

..awak Masters at Sarawak Golf Club yesterday .  He finished just one shot behind the new leader Choo Tze Huang of Singapore who shot a two-over 74 and three-day total of one-under 213 .  Akhmal , who was shivering in his hotel room the previous night due to severe cold , took pills and managed to show up for play , control his long and short games and not missing many fairways and greens .  He made four birdies and five bogeys .  Akhmal will play alongside Choo and Jhonnel Ababa of the Philippines in t..

..' !  After all , his company 's shares have been supported strongly by the government agencies e.g. EPF that from a meek price of about 70 sen , Air Asia 's share price is now touching RM4.00 .  On another note , MAS ' predicament also appears to be due to the tight-fisted position of the Malaysian government ..... resulting in Penerbangan Malaysia Berhad being unable to continue supporting MAS .  This may explain why MAS ' latest accounts surprisingly show planes worth RM6.0 billion in its books and ..

..*29;1467;TOOLONG upon the Prophet Muhammad ( PBUH ) .  Photo : Libya Alhurra  It 's actually because we just do n't find out about these things ( I spend half my day reading about news and topical issues and I never heard a whisper about any video ) due to the fact that they are often the work of a tiny number of sick bigots who most people utterly ignore . And why would n't we ignore them ? We 're talking about comparing mighty Prophets and irritating bugs . " The mountains are never shaken by the wi..

..rse , and of course on rewatch it could no longer deliver that same sheer gut-wrenching terror . But as an amazingly , nail-bitingly tense and powerful film , it can still bring to mind how harrowing that first time was .  And a great deal of it was due to the late Heath Ledger 's performance as the Joker . For all the praise that it 's gotten , there is n't a thing overrated about it ; everything from his hideously slipshod makeup , to his vocal delivery of his lines , to his habit of licking his lip..

..awak . Seven new caves were discovered and a total of 10.5km of previously undiscovered cave passages were explored and surveyed in the deep dolines beyond the Hidden Valley gorge . The Expedition entered totally unexplored areas of the Park which , due to the inhospitable nature of the terrain , had never before been visited by man .  A camp was established near the ' 93 camp . Although this was of grander proportions it soon became a rather squalid and damp home . A cook house was erected adjacent t..

..oung adult sufferers of these cancers who are aged between early 20s to mid-50s , who have never used tobacco , drunk alcohol , chewed betel quid or have any of the above risk factors . The latest research has revealed that some of these cancers are due to viral infection with the Human Papilloma Virus 16 ( HPV 16 ) .  Interestingly , this virus is also associated with cancer of the cervix in women for whom vaccines are currently available to protect against HPV infection , hence reducing the risk of ..

..now the probable cause is calcium deficiency , etc . Without any hesitation many will make a bee-line to the nearest pharmacy and purchase a bottle of calcium supplement and start taking it . Even so it does not mean the calcium supplement will work due to non bioavailability . Worse still some calcium not flush out from our body may get lodged and accumulated in our gall bladder or kidneys and result in formation of stones in later years .  7.4 Supplement evaluation using GS Accupoint Diagnostic Mach..

..y appreciation in value , unlike other places around the globe , it is important for Malaysians to understand when and where they should invest their money .  It was reported last year that the local property market would see moderate growth in 2012 due to a gloomy economic outlook .  However , as we approach the final quarter of the year , the property market seems robust , with more developments being launched and take up rates for new developments averaging above 50% despite volatile economic condi..

..se becoming a pain not only in the arse . People in their thirties are also having this problem as well . The general reply from people suffering from this condition is ' oh I 'm getting older ' .  The real culprit behind this is collagen deficiency due to aging . As collagen level decreases , there is not enough of it to go around our body for building and repairing tendons , cartilages , reticulates etc . And because these are areas most subjected to wear and tear , things eventually run painfully t..

..of British Army units in Malaya at that time we were short of equipment and personnel . Our Squadron had the usual breakdown of R/T , Cypher and Line but these were little more than token units.We ran the communications of the Seremban Army Camp but due to lack of personnel most of the telephone switchboards were staffed by local civilian employees , mainly Chinese and Eurasians , who also filled many of the clerical positions . Our actual ration strength was 75 but we were 30% below this which allowe..

..it does n't feel like we 're competitors . Because everyone are well accquainted friends , so if everyone gathers good results , it 'll be an even better thing . "  Because this is his first leading role , Siwon has been working hard . For example , due to filming needs , Siwon lost 5kgs in a week . At the same time , Siwon stated , " thank you to Ahn Hyukmo sunsaengnim **** for his guidance in the acting area . He said that as long as I worked hard it 'll be fine . This wo n't be the last time I 'll ..

..ng , things are moving as usual . It is only because Yours Truly over here has become a hibernating bear as usual and not do much stuff . Do not move and you do not burn any calories . Even typing can be a chore especially if you feel a little tired due to lack of sleep and lack of food &; water . Typing can also be a chore after stuffing oneself silly during the breaking of fast . And I refuse to use the word ' iftar ' as I am a Malay , not an Arab . We Malaysians have been using the words ' BUKA PUA..

.. insulation clleular layers . A whole lot of multizone collection homme lodge down vest most of these pieces comprise of sport bike ontario goose , quebec goose pockets and others . Efficiency healthy helps you to bode well on the other hand guarded due to the fact are usually evolved to slip most of adult males physiques with various sizes around shoulder area in addition to chests . You could choose a parka many different wallets an additional metal devices including zip fasteners . Los angeles desi..

..end the contract with Paradigm on maintenance and upgrade .  " There are weaknesses still , but we believe that by 2014 , it will include new things which will take us to a different level , " Agos said .  Paradigm is unable to comment on the matter due to a non-disclosure agreement with PTPTN .  Short URL : http : **28;1616;TOOLONG ?    ' According to Pakatan consensus , only Anwar is PM '  Should Pakatan Rakyat take over Putrajaya , Opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim will assume the mantle of prime min..

..ourism  Ecotourism can have the same harmful effects as that of mass tourism if tour operators , resorts managers , marine parks officers and other stakeholders , as the main promoters , do not strictly adhere to the precepts of ecotourism . This is due to the fact that there are increased numbers ' of visitors ( ecotravelers ) to almost all the marine park islands , as a result of increased promotion done by various parties in order to generate economic revenue . When demand rises , further developme..

..on square feet of retail space , Isetan KLCC has become a major landmark in the retail industry . In 2007 , Isetan set up its 3rd departmental store in The Gardens , Mid Valley , taking up 150,000 sq ft and spread over four levels . The 4th store is due to open in April 2012 at 1 Utama , Selangor . Isetan will occupy 99,000 sq ft and cover three levels at 1 Utama Complex .  In April 2011 , Isetan KLCC went through a major store refurbishment and is due for completion in July 2012 .  Mitsukoshi Ltd. an..

..ng to head off rumours that Pep Guardiola is being lined up as coach by adopting a style based on Barcelona    Anzhi 's only previous European campaign came 10 years ago , and finished in a 1-0 defeat to Rangers in a one-off match at a neutral venue due to security concerns in neighbouring Chechnya . A lot has changed since then though , as heavy investment in the Russian club has led to a team that features the likes of Samuel Eto'o , Yuri Zhirkov , and Christopher Samba , under the canny management ..

..ought for my mum to use and a 2010 Perodua Myvi 1.3 SE which the Missus uses .  The Subaru has been a very reliable workhorse and recently had its cracked front windscreen changed . I have no issues with the car and it has only left me stranded once due to a leaking water pump hose . But throughout the seven and a half years of ownership it has performed admirably and at times punches above its weight .  The Proton Wira is like any 1.6 automatic Proton Wira out there . Very cheap to maintain and very ..

..endly    Group B1A4 has met with a happy occasion . After making a fancy comeback with new song ' Tried to Walk ' , today is also leader Jinyoung 's 22nd birthday . Born 18 November 1991 .  Despite not being able to have a comfortable birthday party due to the overlap with their comeback week , Jinyoung gave his distinctive smile and commented that " I 'm happy to be able to spend it with fans " .  Q. It 's your birthday today . How do you feel ?  A : Firstly , I feel that time passes quickly . As I c..

.. could cause investors to adopt a risk-off approach . The FBM KLCI index is in overbought and bearish divergent territory and the EW count suggests a stalled uptrend at 1,679.37 . The Malaysian bourse will witness selling around its resistance areas due to its weekly Bearish Engulfing pattern ( with downside confirmation in the last four weeks ) , its monthly Nov Bearish    Vice President/Head of Retail Research , Affin Investment Bank , Dr Nazri Khan said favuorable US and Eurozone economic data and ..

..entry into diversified economies with a wide array of asset classes for investment , and generally stronger legal frameworks .  The Gulf continues to play a significant role in the development of the sukuk market . However , this influence was muted due to the major economic slowdown faced by the UAE and the correction of Dubai ' s real estate sector . The recent standstill agreement surrounding Dubai World 's debts and the uncertainty regarding the repayment of Nakheel sukuk , which was subsequently ..

..hree years . UK economy is still poising for recovery amid austerity budget cut .  Technical Forecast  USD/JPY recovered to 78.00 areas on Friday 's closing . Literally , we reckon the market trend is still weak but may climb slightly in coming week due to euro weakness . The range of movements is constricted to 77.50 -- 79.00 regions with no clear action from Bank of Japan .  EUR/USD has been supported at 1.2830 regions last week while market prone to weakness . This week , the market may consolidate..

.. a position , whether long or short , until the next day .  While some view day trading as a basic way to trade , it really is the safest way to play the market as you 're not exposed to crashes and plummets that can happen when the market is closed due to news that could affect your stock or share prices .  In terms of currencies , day trading is slightly different as currencies are open to be traded 24/7 , meaning there is no such thing as overnight or end of day trading . This means you can have op..

..ium setting . Due to the hardware limitation from my earlier notebook , I ca n't play any game with higher requirement . But that does not mean that I have no other games to play other than LoL . The League of Legends is a very enjoyable game though due to the poor internet connection that I am having which often causes sudden spiny or lag that my friend and I have played with bots since a long time ago . Oh , seems that I get too carry away and have forgotten to introduce the upcoming champion from t..

..mbly . The present government of Bolivian President Evo Moales swept to power several years ago partly on the basis of a public protest against the previous government ? s move to privatise water services to a foreign company . The public outcry was due to fears that this move would lead to increases in water charges and that people would have less access to water .  The water issue touches the lives of billions every day and the world needs a clear signal that water is an issue of the highest priorit..

..d by the fact that we have to call out for his help everytime we need to communicate with the paramedics as he was distracted to help other incoming guests . After getting my wrist bandage , we decided not to stay back in Moscow to seek medical help due to language problem and cold treatment from the hotel . Whilst I endure the 18hours of pain to reach home to seek medical help , I believe this is the best decision to make at that time . ( My x-ray showed , travelled with friends  Value  Location  Sle..

.. will once again look to put up a strong show in the last group game .  The Thais , the defending champions of the AFF Women 's Tournament , have had to bring new players from their Under-19 squad following the unavailability of a handful of players due to injuries and retirements .  But the core of the team is still there and they seem to be controlling all the action for the Thais .  " We are looking at improving from game to game but the important factor is that no matter who we play against , we m..

.. , and that 's the main reason why i left this for long .  The second reason was my lappy 's keyboard is broke , " n " , " b " and some few others buttons have no respond , but the biggest faulty is the space bar , i cant type without a space .  And due to the busy-ness of the past month , i got no time to send it for repair . I 'm currently working with my netbook , which i dislike to use it because of the smaller keyboard and slow respond .  So sorry for those that waiting for my Korea post . Here w..

..ly , take the risk . This is particularly important if the only type of personal loan , you can what is secure . A personal loan secured means that guarantees are involved . There are other ways without generating a personal loan financing . This is due to the fact that need lots of money . If nothing else , perhaps too much money , you borrow .  One of the easiest is to borrow a friend or family member.But if you have depending on your situation difficult to record , then , to repay the loan are not ..

..e-based surface disinfectants , UV light is a very effective method to kill these pathogens , particularly if they are airborne . Again , air , as a mode of transmission , is often overlooked .  Dental Clinics  Dental clinics face a unique challenge due to aerosolization of water used in dental scalers . These aerosols act as a mechanism to introduce oral pathogens from patients into the air , putting both healthcare workers and other patients at risk . A review of the Guidelines on Infection Control ..

..( i.e. parents and children , husband and wife as well as siblings ) is allowed .  I am a non-resident and residing overseas . I am interested to buy ringgit assets but have difficulty in accessing the Malaysian financial markets to purchase ringgit due to the time zone differences . Can I purchase ringgit to finance my investments in Malaysia from financial institutions in my home country ?  Yes . Non-resident investors may purchase ringgit from an appointed overseas branch within the same banking gr..

..een men and women . The exceptions are from Allah , the All-Knowing and All-Aware because it is He who knows His creation best and the exceptions are in those specific characteristics that distinguish the female from the male . These differences are due to the separate functions that have been accorded to the male and the female . It is because of these complimentary and necessary distinctions that a man becomes attracted to a woman and a woman becomes attracted to a man and a marriage can be a happy ..

.., I was told by the doctor that my thyroid gland is enlarged . I have a phlegm problem too . I am taking antioxidants and evening primrose oil supplements . What additional supplements and healthy food should I take ?  Answer : YOUR condition may be due to a dysfunctional thyroid gland that eventually results in hypothyroidism , a condition of thyroid hormone deficiency . This will lead to an enlarged thyroid gland that is commonly known as a goiter .  The most common cause of goiter is iodine deficie..

...  I 've just received a summon from the police for speeding . I was driving at 97 and the speed limit is 80km/h . It is stated that I have to appear in court and I am advise to have the offence compounded at Trafik Kuala Lumpur . Where is it    But due to the fact , the earlier article was getting too lengthy , therefore it was decided to continue discussing about the above in another article .  1 ) Public service vehicles .  Buses normally are huge entities . Large vehicles are normally dangerous . ..

..hairy belly and pubes . He    Kota Kinabalu : Malaysia Airports Berhad Holdings ( MAHB ) has been asked to brief the State Cabinet on Thursday 's incident at the Kota Kinabalu International Airport ( KKIA ) which saw thousands of passengers stranded due to a runway lighting problem .  State Tourism , Culture and Environment Minister Datuk Masidi Manjun , who disclosed this , also said that KKIA is now operating normally and that the cable problem has been rectified .  " In fact the new cable system ( ..

..ions insurance  If you or someone who works for you makes a mistake that causes damage to a client , this type of business insurance will cover the losses . This could be anything from the client being physically harmed to them losing a sum of money due to the error .  Workers compensation  In most states , it is required by law that all business owners who have employees pay for workers compensation . With this type of insurance , you are covered if one of your employees is injured while working . Th..

..news agency ( SANA ) , which most recently was hosted through SoftLayer ( SoftLayer , for its part , has insisted upon its compliance with U.S. regulations . )  Despite the web blackout , the websites remained accessible in areas outside the country due to hosting overseas .  " This most recent Internet disruption in Syria highlights the issue of Web hosting and how the regime is able to make use of servers outside Syria to promote its message while locally hosted sites are down , " stated Citizen Lab..

..f you eat nothing but that you eat in other areas the fat reserves for energy levels of energy in various important for people to take your time to choose pills are no temptations while setting a six pack is without dieting ;  And as well get faster due to eating small meals and cut out the Belly Fat Cure Diet  Proteins : Protein rich foods all being fruit are too numerous to your heart ? The cholesterol as it is : a supplements that fail to deliver . Either they are made with adulterated and low qual..

..olently buckling rod really builds up the adrenalin .  On this troll , the red-head Halco Sorcerer deep diving plug is the clear favourite of the spanish mackerels as they keep striking at the same lure repeatedly .  One time , we even lost the lure due to a snapped mainline but luckily the fish unhooked itself and we were able to retrieve back the floating Halco . Talk about a lucky lure !  I enjoy catching cobia ( haruan tasik ) as they are a powerful fish that can grow to enormous size pretty quick..

..hing , made from organic and naturally grown raw    Hair Loss 101  Do you find yourself stressing over a new project from work ? You step on the weighing scale find that your weight is dropping , but what else are you shedding ? Fret not : hair loss due to stress and poor diets is reversible .  90 percent of women 's hair loss is only temporary , so there 's no reason to panic . According to research , the average amount of hair we lose daily ranges from 50 to 100 strands . That may sound like a lot t..

..deejay crew Cee X H3 Sound System who gave the crowd both " old school " and modern hits non-stop for three hours , and even squirted water guns , much to the crowds excitement .  Over at the Volkswagen Stage , also referred to as " The Main Stage " due to its massive construction , a huge crowd was waiting in anticipation for electro-pop artiste Darren Ashley who arrived by 8pm . The pinkhaired Darren and his band rendered about six songs which included a brief appearance with pop/punk sister-trio Th..

..ufactures iPhones and iPad are still being raised . Deaths and suicides too have caused concern among the Chinese officials . Without naming specific companies , Chinese Labour Minister Yin Weimin has recognised that problems exist at some companies due to excessive overtime , low pay and a lack of concern for workers .  Yet , the British Broadcasting Corporation announced last week that its runners for the mobile Olympic 2012 team will be fielding an Apple iOS and an Android application . This will m..

.. to car accidents .  Beyond its use in physiotherapy , FIR rays are believed to have therapeutic properties for chronic health problems .  Scientists from Finland suggest that regular users of FIR saunas have more elastic and pliable blood vessels , due to the regular dilation and contraction of blood vessels induced by sauna use .  This may have beneficial effects for those with coronary artery disease , atherosclerosis ( narrowing of heart blood vessels ) and hypertension .  There is some evidence t..

..ies of a treadmill and of a typical stair climber , so you burn off the identical sum of calories in just 50 % the time ( 30 minutes a day ) it requires on the other two devices combined . It is great for the newbie or for professional enthusiasts , due to the fact it has 12 intensity settings .  One of the most remarkable and effective workout routines is that of walking up and down stairs . This kind of physical exercise presents each muscle mass from your chest down a workout . Where undertaking th..

..Off they gone into the sea , remembering this seashore . They will come back years after , when they grown up later , to reproduce and lay eggs at the same beach where they left that night . However , most of the turtles might not be able to survive due to predators and natural challenges in the sea .  We have gone to the Turtle Sanctuary the next day . It is located next to Club Med Cherating . There are 2 adult turtles there , and several small turtles .  The next day , we actually planned to go for..

..hat the exclusion clause must express clearly the exclusion of liability for negligence . Since the hotel 's disclaimer does not mention negligence expressly , it means that negligence is not part of the exclusion clause . Therefore , if the loss is due to the    Reasonably libertarian  The Israeli-Palestinian conflict can be an emotional matter to many Malaysians . While there are diverse opinions on the conflict , the pro-Palestinian sentiment is firmly in the majority in Malaysia . Each time the co..

..menities need to be provided . This is where the major bottleneck of securing planning approval or Development Order ( DO ) becomes a serious challenge . As more applications are being made by developers for new property and as they get more complex due to the size and mixed used concept , more time and attention is required by city planners to process these submissions . The under resourced departments can only do so much in compliance with the various By-laws , Planning , Building and Engineering Ac..

..e not exposed to these kind of investments . They are more comfortable with a principal guaranteed investments such as ASB . That 's also the reason why they are reluctant to invest in variable price investment such as ASN and other unit trust funds due to their low risk apetite .  To those who wish to invest directly in share market but still wary of the market 's volatility , you can try to invest in unit trust funds first as the risk is lower compared to share market .  Instead of going into ASB yo..

..represent " elegance " .   one of these : Google Chrome , Firefox , Safari , IE9 .  Cristiano Ronaldo could return to the Premier League - with old club United , Manchester City or Chelsea - after a Real Madrid bust-up ( Express ) ! ! ! ! Apparently due to some statistics , Real Madrid fans do n't seem to appreciate Jose Mourinho and Cristiano Ronaldo because even though they are 7 points clear from Barcelona , their matches with Barcelona are n't going well as we expected .  The future of Cristiano R..

