..is bungee thing . You 're going to love it . " AJ : We figured out the formula for the bungee cord and the great thing was that it worked . It did what it was supposed to do and we bounced back up . It was a pleasant surprise . Henry : AJ and I were due to fly to France in February 1987 , as part of the New Zealand speed-skiing team . AJ was supposed to meet us at the airport but he 'd been arrested for jumping off the Auckland Harbour Bridge . Of course , he managed to talk himself out of it . It 's ..

..eir head .  But , yes , roll on October next , pride will at least in part , come before the fall . We await the landslide . I 'm sure low income families struck by rates increases will be humbugged if the kids ca n't get much in the way of presents due to the usual " stadium first " arrogance over all else , important , useful , enhancing or otherwise .  Were you actually paying attention to the STS 's court case ? the judge did n't review the stadium or even the particulars of the stadium decision i..

.. , you can them from their preserve . To purchase games from their maintain , you have to buy points . These facts will help you in getting the match of your option . Most people who really like playing Xbox game titles are not capable to enjoy them due to the fact they do not have the resources to purchase the video clip games . They are typically hunting at strategies of finding free of charge Xbox variables and membership . A solitary of the approaches of getting free of cost Xbox are living member..

..ts was primarily around family violence and alcohol abuse .  Former refugees were frequently being referred to alcohol and drug courses by social service providers , and the court system was handing out heavier sentences than a couple of years ago , due to the recidivist nature of drink-driving .  The report also said that language barriers made life hard for former refugees , in not being able to access services as well as employment .  " Former refugees with little English , limited work experience ..

..ld cool at the same rate but they do not if the sky is open ( no cloud and minimal humidity or pollution ) . "  It ca n't effect them equally , and with high or with low humidity , the surface cools faster , it just cools slower with higher humidity due to higher DWIR .  The density starts off uniform ( random ) and then yes , of course , the density maximizes near the bottom after a while .  What 's really fun is if you turn on intermolecular inelasticity ( essentially representing radiative loss ) a..

..um and that can    Sunday , September 23 , 2012  What is the tipping point for climate deniers ? I use climate deniers and not climate skeptics because climate skeptics give skepticism a bad name . As more evidence that the planet is rapidly warming due to our pollution keeps announcing itself by melting before our eyes ...  Satellite images show that the rapid summer melt has reduced the area of frozen sea to less than 3.5 million square kilometers this week -- less than half the area typically occup..

..iously in the weekend had not been solved and the safety car led us for the remainder of the laps apart from the final lap which was a sprint to the finish where Kofoed finished second , thanks largely to Kevin Williams moving to his B-Class Vehicle due to engine issues in his regular Holden .  " I 'll still take it " Kofoed said on his best finish .  Overall Jack Kofoed finished second for the round , behind V8 Challenge Cup Champion Matt Lockwood and admits that Pukekohe was a    V8STFG announce new..

..t Station and Backcountry Helicopters providing the Extreme Day venue on Mt Albert , a grandeur peak towering over 2000 metres in altitude above the head of Lake Wanaka near Makarora .  While Thursday 's Freestyle competition got off to a slow start due to low lying cloud cover , in the end the weather gods cooperated and by 10am helis were being loaded with athletes , photographers , cinematographers and the event crew , all of whom were fizzing in anticipation of the day ahead in the Buchanans .  " ..

..rate on one thing , and for once I actually did . I sat and wrote my physics lab report for at least 4 hours . And it felt great to actually accomplish something for once !  Sorry to bore you with this , but this week is not fun : physics lab report due tomorrow evening , biology exam Friday morning , and Religion essay due Friday evening . Now that    Day 11 : Surf and Turf  Wow , I am completely exhausted . The trip is almost over ( I 'm sitting in the airport about to board the plane to Wellington ..

..ds and are not issues to small scale , sustainable farms  I have been looking at this issue for a while now and I think there is HUGE potential for permaculture to contribute to fixing this problem . I have come up with some potential strategies but due to the complexity of it    Navigation  User login  You are here  Households ( Zone : 00/0 ) as part of the hydrological cycle ideal and reality  Submitted by Chewbyka on Sat , 28/11/2009 - 18:28  I 've been fixing a standard flush toilet today , contin..

..ement has been a feature of some evidence witness at the inquest , being held in Christchurch .  Mr Barclay explained that the Ferry Rd regional headquarters were at Woolston , 8-10km away . It took an hour and a half to reach city area headquarters due to liquefaction and heavy traffic after the earthquake .  The coroner asked several questions about the way the area managers and regional managers worked together and who was higher in the hierarchy .  Area managers dealt with city emergencies in the ..

..ast night claiming fracking was safe and essential .  The report , which is the result of a three-month research project , was issued as a submission to the Parliamentary Commissioner for the Environment 's inquiry into hydraulic fracturing which is due to be released in three weeks .  In the report Todd Energy warns that banning the controversial practice could potentially endanger the future of the lucrative sector .  But Mr Hughes dismissed those claims .  " Fracking is n't essential for New Zealan..

.. 40 ? F/ ? C ) so most of Antarctica 's researchers and support staff come in the summer ( October -- February ) , although a few hardy souls stay there in the winter .  Antarctica has relatively few species of plants and animals , which is probably due to the fact that only 2% of the continent is free of ice . There are only two types of flowering plants . Most of the plant life in Antarctica is in the form of mosses and lichens . On the warmer sub-Antarctic islands , more diverse plant life can be f..

..rather than moving to midwives .  The news is discussing about the death case of the innocent newborn baby , who could have survived , if she was taken to a hospital rather than a midwives unit .  However , the couple , who has lost their girl child due to the failing of the staff at the midwife-led birthing centre , has slammed the NHS for the loss occurred to them but this could really not correct their mistake of choosing a midwifery service at the time of their baby 's birth .  Newly born Kate Ser..

..pply made pursuant to this agreement . The Customer agrees and acknowledges that in no event will SiteHost be liable for any property damage , personal injury , direct or consequential loss or damage incurred by the Customer or a third party whether due to defective goods or services and/or as a result of negligence or otherwise by us or our servants or agents and in any event the liability of SiteHost will not exceed the purchase price paid by the Customer for the goods or service . When the Customer..

..high " given the level of surface flooding around Greymouth .  It was possible a cut in the lagoon at Greymouth would be opened , allowing some flood waters to empty out to sea .  Mail delivery had been disrupted across Canterbury and the West Coast due to the severe weather conditions , New Zealand Post said .  Delivery had been suspended in Greymouth and its outlying areas , and in Rangiora , Kaiapoi , Ashburton and Christchurch .  Delays were also expected    Judge to talk to David Bain  Relevant o..

..ofessor Doofenshmirtz ( from Phineas and Ferb ) and I almost expected him to announce that his brain sucking machine was the ' Brain-suckinator . ' Lester 's plan is to rid the world of goodness because anyone acting good makes him physically sick , due to a horrible experience when he was younger . The machine that will help him with his task is the Brain Sucker , which sucks the goodness right out of people 's heads . It 's up to the heroes of the story to save the day ( and the world from becoming ..

..ycled concrete and aggregates  a low impact stormwater design strategy which treats    The waterfront is one of New Zealand 's primary international gateways for commerce and tourism . The waterfront plays a unique role within Auckand 's city centre due to its access to water-based recreation , trade and transport and land availability and premium residential and commercial land values .  It is an area steeped in maritime history and has the highest concentration of marine and fishing industries , the..

..lso failed to show that its decision to dismiss on grounds of overpayment was    There are marked differences in the literacy and numeracy skill profiles of the workers who are employed in different industries and occupations . These differences are due to variations in the educational and skill requirements of different jobs and to variations in the demographic and educational profiles of the workers who are employed in different industries and occupations .  Figure 5 illustrates the proportions of w..

..it .  And this was the case for one man . I would say his name , but I do n't know it , because his name is suppressed . He was sentenced to 10 years in jail for raping his daughter and was released in 2008 . He was hired by a voluntary organisation due to him being able to conceal his conviction , and no one was any the wiser . Eventually the man was found out when a family member alerted the organisation to the " dilemma " but that is just one case that people actually know about . How many other se..

..n with friends .  There have been moments when I used to feel like crying , but as a man , you always try to portray strength . Eventually a few days later , my heart just gave in and I wept for 30 minutes . I was not sure why I was weeping , was it due to my current emotional , financial and family circumstances , or was it the troubled beautiful faces of my fellow Kiwis , my fellow species that I see on the TV ? I do n't know .  As New Zealanders , we are very friendly and empathetic . But most of a..

..adventure back in 1997 , and have since been through two more operations , finding best treatment for migraines , and finding new foods to replace gluten-based foods in a new diet for health reasons .  I suspect my son 's drinking is at least partly due to a longing for more gluten , as it is in beer , and he does n't have it in many other foods he eats .  It would be great if many further , deeper studies were done on gluten .  Keep up the great articles Frank ... still many more topics to be covered..

..tend to be more clear than these , and some from the obvious kinds    User:Hrc2rpcc44  From Vicwiki  Composite veneers just refer to synthetic resins utilised as restorative adhesives or substance in dentistry Artificial resins are largely preferred due to being insoluble , straightforward to manipulate , insensitive to dehydration , moderately affordable and aesthetic They are normally composed of Bis-GMA analog or Bis-GMA monomers , a filler component this kind of as photoinitiator and silica To ach..

..ost popular Latino , funk and aerobics instructors . His infectious smile and bubbly personality will certainly have    Conditions  Vouchers valid from Nov 27 , 2012 to Feb 27 , 2013 . Limit : 2 for you and 2 gifts for others .  Bookings essential , due to the time required to complete a cam belt replacement job we can only manage 1-2 cam belt bookings per day excluding weekends . Deal includes the cam belt plus associated tensioner 's &; idler 's . Any additional repairs we encounter or recommended a..

..me hunting on your property means you are the only ones in your block ? Our property covers 3 separate valleys and 33 square kms and hunters have the exclusive use of this area . South Island hunting is generally less dangerous than the North Island due to more open country and better visibility . There are also a lot less hunters . For further information about firearms and firearms safety in New Zealand please see the New Zealand Arms Code which was compiled by the New Zealand Mountain Safety Counci..

..lives of this group of offenders are not markedly disordered , and they do n't tend to exhibit disproportionate anti-social behaviour during childhood . During puberty however , behavioural issues begin to develop . The causes of their offending are due to social processes such as attachment to anti-social peers or inadequate parenting , or exposure to cannabis , rather than neuro-developmental processes 7 . This group is much larger in number , and unlike their life-course persistent peers , they gen..

..t up challenges to test their intelligence !  Fast forward 50 years and observations of a more practical nature were taking place in New Zealand . A Raetihi farmer noticed that parts of his farm were more productive than others . He thought this was due to lumbricid earthworms living in some of his paddocks but absent in others , so he experimented by distributing earthworms around his farm . A few years later , scientists backed up the farmer 's observations and quantified the positive effects earthw..

..alculations are for a straight line flat plane like a cylinder through the averaging process which is NOT what an orb is . Planetary rotation , pressure and planetary tilting were NEVER included . The planet and atmosphere have two different systems due to the density differences . Turbulence on the planet is generated by a few ways . The vibrations of our crust by quakes and the planetary wobble and also the planetary tilting . What is the prevailing release of volcanic activity ? That would be gases..

.. Australia to seek better employment opportunities . But not as you say to get away from ' tribal divisive nonsense ' as many Maori living in Australia are on the Maori electoral roll .  One reason why many Maori never get anywhere in New Zealand is due to institutionalised racism . Your part-Maori remark is a perfect example of institutionalised racism . Try sending a CV with either an Asian or Maori name on the front cover to a prospective employer and see what happens . In many cases it goes no whe..

..ust " spraying RF all over the place " . Updating our own pattern field tests , using a rotating Lazy Susan kitchen support , confirms reception improvement 15dB when directed at the distant signal source , but outgoing transmission gain may be less due to dish reflector " under illumination " ? Scope exists to gather this signal ( small parabola , sardine can ? ) for a more efficient directive spray feed ? Even a telescope style Cassegrain ? Perhaps microwave lens experiments too ? Stay tuned ... 7th..

..that journal July 5 , 1928 Monro wrote : " Mr Tennent was a member of the Nelson club , not one of whom had ever seen the Rugby game , which they adopted at my instigation , and played under my tutelage , until familiar with the rules . No credit is due to me in the matter . My introduction of Rugby to my native land was merely a coincidence of circumstances . As a matter of fact , the first match at Petone was played in the same year that I introduced the game to Nelson . I made the whole arrangement..

..ead to another area of skin . It may take as long as twelve months for the wart to first appear .  What do they look like ?  Warts have a hard ' warty ' or ' verrucous ' surface . You can often see a tiny black dot in the middle of each scaly spot , due to a thrombosed capillary blood vessel . There are various types of viral wart .  Common warts arise most often on the backs of fingers or toes , and on the knees .  Plantar warts ( verrucas ) include one or more tender inwardly growing ' myrmecia ' on..

..u have to fill out a Notice of Intention to Speak Maori , which you can get online at the Ministry of Justice website , or from your local community law centre or local court . The form has to be sent to court at least 10 working days before you 're due to appear in court . This lets you speak Maori in court while an interpreter translates what you 're saying and what others are saying to you .  I have been asked to be character witness in the sentencing of someone I know . What does this mean ?  When..

..ers in ? Well , I try to keep the costs down , so I take what I can .  I 'm just wondering what your packers when they came for this trip made of what you were giving them to take . They were fine with it actually . It was n't an issue .  When is it due to arrive ? Hopefully this week but ironically I 'm back to New Zealand next week to install the show for the opening . So it arrives here just as I 'm back there .  In its absence , have you been recceing the area and the city ? To a degree . There ha..

..costs over the next three weeks .  Dotcom and his wife were seeking to have $220,000 a month of their money unfrozen to cover living costs including security guards , nannies and a butler .  The court gave an interim order which allows Mona , who is due to give birth soon , just over $30,000 to cover medical and living expenses for the next three weeks .  The order also allows Dotcom 's co-accused Bram van der Kolk to access $10,000 for living expenses and have access to his car .  Advertisement  A fu..

..haos . Lives are at stake , as everyone is searching for , what lurks among saints . "  So , there is a lot going on . The " Inspector " did provide a short introduction but it was the first of many dialogues ( or songs ) not entirely comprehendible due to the band being too loud . This was an essential dialogue considering no one in the audience knew what it was about . A short synopsis or " scene-setter " in the programme would have also been nice so we could enjoy and understand it right from the b..

..wever , today cash donations are very much preferred as the cost of living soars high .  Previously , the church compensates those with the largest taros and the most land and sea items with modest planting tools and money but is no longer practised due to financial hardship . Only those with the largest coconut crabs are rewarded .  On the final chapter , it is the spirit of the event from the Old Testament times to our forefathers that passed away which counts supreme rather than the human ritual pa..

.. great cafes , along side a rugged coastline with a marine park &; aquarium .  On the west coast is the Taranaki Region which is dominated by Mt Taranaki a huge conical shaped volcano The nearby coastline is famous for its rugged surf and black sand due to iron deposits from volcanic eruptions . New Plymouth is the main city here and the surrounding area contains some of the richest farmland in New Zealand .  Further south lies the Manawatu Region which consists mainly of small towns , farms , and one..

..ve out too much of a burn . there did n't seem to be a huge amount of flavour either , but then I noticed that my whole mouth had gone numb .  Only then did the heat kick in , more of a deep , slow burn than the sharp heat of other chillis . I guess due to the wiseness of starting in small quantities and never going large there was n't any suffering , the effects actually wore off before we got to the remaining two batches of wings , accompanied by the Heating Up and the Rising Heat .  These two were ..

.. far the US , Australia , Peru , Vietnam and Malaysia have joined the negotiations . Japan , Canada , Mexico and others have shown interest    Wages Are n't Keeping Up with the Cost of Living  The cost of living has gone up sharply . Some of this is due to the Government . The National Government increased GST to 15% . The tax switch in 2010 was a swindle . It was not fiscally neutral ( so the tax cuts were more than the revenue increase ) , failed to stimulate the economy , widened income inequality ..

..cision is treated as part of the Old Law that has been done away with . It is the same with Tithing .  As former pastor Bruce Lengeman states in his article ' The Raping of the Tithe ' : " The title sounds harsh , but I believe it is fairly accurate due to the damage done by the erroneous teaching of the doctrine of tithing ... Plain and simple , the doctrine of tithing as it is commonly taught in the contemporary evangelical , or Bible-believing church is twisted exegesis ! "  HOW THEN SHOULD WE GIVE..

.., we may be close to saturation level in which case any additional CO2 will have no significant effect . Remember that CO2 is only responsible for part of the observed rise . Even if you take 0.5C as the part played by a 40% increase in CO2 , then , due to the log effect , the rise for a doubling ( 100% ) of CO2 is going to be around 1C ( because , as you say , it is not a linear relationship ) . Hence the projected ( by models ) climate sensitivity of appx 3C is greatly overestimated .  Lag . There i..

..airman Eoin Garden said he had calculated the $100 million " being left on the table " to make shareholders think about wider meat industry issues and changes needed to ensure it has a future .  " Our industry is not going to survive the way it is , due to competition from land uses such as dairying and forestry .  We 've got to lift this industry into a totally different space . "  Mr Garden said there were no merger talks between the two co-operatives or between SFF and any other meat company , but ..

..er was at a loss for words during a U.S. radio interview on Saturday when he was quizzed about his love life hours after news broke of his split from Selena .  The singer/actress allegedly ended her nearly two-year relationship with Bieber last week due to their hectic work schedules , and his new single status was a hot topic when he took part in a phone interview on the Open House Party show this weekend .  The Baby hitmaker , who is currently on tour , neither confirmed or denied the reports , but ..

..e other side of the world 2 ) the email contact with Home of Poi was clear and concise 3 ) Home of Poi followed up the delivery with an email to check that I was happy with the product 4 ) the website is extensive and helped me learn poi very easily due to the clear instructions -Thank you . I will be shopping again in the future .  Simple Maori bag Poi  This is a simple easy to make Maori practice Poi .  To make you will require :  Newspaper or Tennis Balls  Colour paper or fabric ,  String/Cord  And..

..num and strontium . You can then find compare these findings with the documented levels they are finding in rainwater as well as blood samples .  Here 's a speculation for you . TPTB understand that , at this point , the momentum of global warming ( due to whatever ) is now so powerful that initiation of the Venus Syndrome is now a done deal by 2100-2200 . The only option for the saving of human and non-human life now is to transplant them to another " M " -class world . Global dimming via geo-enginee..

..intment , your doctor will perform a number of checks to see if they can confirm a diagnosis of asthma :  - Listen To Your Chest  Your doctor will listen to your chest using a conventional stethoscope . Asthma is caused by a narrowing of the airways due to irritation , and this affects the way your breathing sounds . By listening to it , your doctor will have a firm idea of asthma may be the cause of your troubles .  - Perform A Peak Flow Reading  A Peak Flow Meter is a device used to determine the st..

..s gives out altogether . It comes and goes , but never clears up entirely . It 's annoying rather than debilitating , and is almost certainly down to my low immunity levels , brought on by a low white blood cell count . I had my fourth chemo cycle , due to start last Wednesday deferred for a week to allow my ' bloods ' to recover , but I have a feeling this is something I 'm just going to have to put up with for the duration of my treatment . Compared with some of the horrors many of my fellow travell..

..ce ) this begs the question of which other pollies has she humped during her long career ?  During her McCully days , or should that be nights , there was a distinct right turn evidenced in her columns to the extent that she became not worth reading due to the usual right wing propaganda trick of the bold assertion entirely lacking in evidence , so another question is does she do the Whale Oil trick of writing to please her current paymaster lover ?  Just wondering while resting on a nice summers day ..

..ibed in the documentary , occurs when a building and the soil beneath it vibrate at the same frequency , magnifying its " destroying effect " .  Dixon said the collapses of the Canterbury Television and Pyne Gould Corporation buildings may have been due to soil resonance .  He said tests with seismic detectors could have identified buildings with problems at the time .  " Lives would have been saved if this simple procedure went ahead . People knew about it , but nobody did a thing . "  He said the is..

.. first assault force . From two separate areas of the pa , the M ? ori were firing on the two groups of troops , who were by this time caught up in the deadly crossfire .  During the night the M ? ori , who had not suffered a particularly heavy loss due to their well-planned strategy , evacuated the pa , taking with them the abandoned British weapons .  After the battle of Gate Pa there was much controversy about the defeat of the elite Imperial troops , heavily armed and far superior in number to the..

..nce and have specialized training , then you have an IN . That is a different story . Get your BA ( bachelors ) , then get some experience , like the NYPD . Essentially , it is very , very hard to get in , and will take at least a year to be hired ( due to the background gets and hiring process ) . I have my BA and Masters , and stil have not been called back by the FBI .  Its hard to say what you should do . Nothing is given . You cant just say - I wan na do this . In NYPD you have to work your way u..

.. the Gloucester investors were still owed about $915,000 and the 656 syndicate investors about $1.5m .  Repayment of that money is dependent on SPI being able to sell the Henderson court building .  The Justice Department 's lease on the property is due to expire around the end of March next year .  Alcock said SPI was currently in the thick of negotiations over renewal of the lease and any incentives that may involve .  Once a new lease is finalised it will be sold and Alcock suggested a potential bu..

.. Payments made by credit card will incur a surcharge .  Prices shown are for payments made by cash in store or Bpay .  These prices are a guide to the best price .  Prices are correct as at 23 November 2012 and are subject to change without notice , due to matters outside our control , such as adverse    Computer Science  First Automatic Totalisator : More Details of Horse Adders  The central shaft has two differentials and two driving chains , one to the 12-shaft and one to the 17-shaft . The central..

.. are excellent recommendations for people looking to increase their magnesium intake , which should be just about all of us , but it is important to note that whole grains , legumes , and nuts are not the best way to increase one 's magnesium levels due to one very important reason . All of the foods ( oats and soybeans in particular ) high in phytates actually bind with magnesium and zinc and help to carry them out of the body .  Some of Eric 's Favourite Highest Dietary Magnesium Choices Include :  ..

..ah the Sharks and Crusaders are the form teams of the competition and could quite plausibly meet in the final . I did pick the winners , but thought these matches would be closer . Like the Rugby World Cup , I was thinking that things would be tight due to the   insight into pick the score competitions and fantasy sports .  Thursday , September 06 , 2012  Should Sir Graham Henry Be Allowed To Help Argentina ?  The All Blacks host Argentina on Saturday night in Wellington , but it will be interesting s..

.., sister , brother-in-law , sister-in-law ; or son-in-law , daughter-in-law ; or parent , step-parent , grandparent , guardian or parent-in-law .  Imposed excess This is the term that we use for an excess that we have applied to your insurance cover due to your personal situation .  Indemnity value An item 's current value allowing for its age and condition immediately before the loss or damage happened .  Individual For the purposes of a travel insurance policy , an individual is one person travellin..

..re between five and ten points in the next round of pre-Christmas polls . I think that it will be closer to five or six points in most of them but , nonetheless , it will hurt after a year in which they have made some ( but not much ) advance .  And due to Labour 's demotion of David Cunliffe , there will be more leadership ructions going into the New Year .  Most commentators have said that the major winner from Labour 's woes ( so long as they continue ) will be National .  Really ?  I think that Na..

..lack and white photographs , company brochures , newspaper clippings and company records , what remained in fact of the entire company archives of Automatic Totalisators Limited . There had at one time been a great deal more , but much had been lost due to water damage .  Spread of the Australian ' Tote '  ATL had in fact been one of Australia 's most successful companies in the first half of the twentieth century , dominating the international Totalisator industry for sixty-five years . But ATL 's ma..

..T New Zealand , watch Peter Jackson 's 1996 film Heavenly Creatures or Jane Campion 's An Angel at my Table which both set their stories against that background .  Currently , New Zealand is as much a Pacific nation as a British one . It has changed due to the resurgence of Maori culture , the growing population of Polynesians , the variety of immigrants from Asia seeking business and educational opportunities , and because tourists from all around the world who ended up staying . The influx of differ..

..re I was , but I was never exactly sure . The country was absolutely beautiful , and on the rare moments when I was n't completely terrified on them , the roads were kind of fun . About half of the time I could n't understand what people were saying due to their lovely accents , and even when I understood the words sometimes it did n't make sense . It was a lot    Why it may soon be far easier to find an excellent IFA -- and to expose the bad ones  Independent financial advisers sometimes get a bad pr..

.. not say is something like this .... " over the last few years a lot of middle class dullards , with no balls to be self employed , have been buying properties to rent out to solo mothers , students and poor people . You clowns have done rather well due to irrational speculation and sought to borrow , borrow and borrow not for investment but for consumption .  You had seen businessmen , rich people and other productive people around town having a great time on the fruits of their labour and sought to ..

..t Relations Authority they had an agreement Mr Odisho would not receive holiday pay .  However , the authority ruled he was an employee and as such he was entitled to claim unpaid holiday pay .  Mr Odisho had not been paid for days he had not worked due to sickness , and was also entitled to sick pay .  The authority ordered La Bella Italia to pay Mr Odisho $5768.18 in holiday pay , $317.39 in improperly deducted sick pay , $293.40 in unpaid statutory holiday leave and $7141.90 for statutory holidays ..

..peltis and Hungaiid-Calymenid faunal provinces , including trilobites of the families Hungaiidae , Calymeniidea , Pliomeridae , Illaenidae , and endemic Asaphidae . The differences between Bathyurid fauna and Hungaiid-Calymenid faunal provinces were due to a combination of climate factors and geographical separation .  The same biogeographical distribution seems to apply to articulate brachiopods as well . The Balto-Scandian region is better defined in the brachiopod then the trilobite faunas , and fo..

..sy time , " she said . " There 's a lot of charities out there there 's over 25,000 in New Zealand . There 's not as much discretionary income out there given the times . "  The service 's 50 Shades of Pink personal styling event had to be cancelled due to low ticket sales but the high tea at Bella Vista Lodge on Sunday garnered plenty of support .  Where people could not help financially they often volunteered their time which was also valuable , she said .  " It 's all a flow-on effect from the econ..

..natural ingredients that are sourced from natural sources . These products are generally more expensive , but do not have chemicals that will harm your body . Careful though , as " organic skin care " can be different from " 100% organic " . This is due to the fact that advertising laws allows manufacturers to use " organic skin care " labelling on their products even if their product is n't 100% organic .  Generally , for a skin care product to be organically certified , it will have to meet a number..

..nce ) and like to talk to her if she 's out working in the orchard .  It 's best not to try to pick up a guinea fowl , but if you have to , try to do it at night where it will be less of a struggle . They are much more slippery to pick up than a hen due to the way their feathers lie , so hang on tight .  Game bird  While the guinea fowl is more of an ornamental pet and egg layer in New Zealand , the traditional African game bird is farmed around the world for its tender , lean meat .  It 's said to ta..

..quired . There is quite a skill in removing and replacing strings , often having to alternate between all four tools for some coils . Despite initial hesitation through reading various texts , I have been assured that the piano will suffer no damage due to unequal tension . My experience has certainly not revealed any sign of the piano suffering in this respect .  If the piano has an agraffe , such as in a grand , I do not attempt to pull the strings through but rather , clean them while still in the ..

..t any compensation for losing their jobs . They will be forced to join the dole queue if they ca n't find another job -- good people who Paula Bennett says are making a " lifestyle choice " by going on the benefit .  My Redundancy Protection Bill is due to have its first reading in the House in early May . I 've deliberately postponed the first reading knowing that the NACTs wo n't vote for it , but we 're trying to change their mind . Keep up with the website and watch the Facebook page as well . The..

..ealize that abortion does n't terminate motherhood or fatherhood . That began at conception and never ends even after the death of a child whether before or after birth . Understandably , many women and men regret their abortions and suffer severely due to them .  You have a responsibility to protect your child . Please do so . The only significant regret you 'll face in your life is having taken your child 's life - if that is what you decide . I think you know that already . Take the opportunity to ..

..hread . I 'm not sure log(1-rand) is correct . Also , I get a positive temperature gradient for non-interacting gases , which should n't be right .  I 'll talk to you at whatever level you wish . What are your current views on a temperature gradient due to gravity ? At one point you seemed to think there could be one , but then you did n't seem so sure .  You asked : " I thought that knowing the values of 3 of those 4 variables at one level ( say ground on Earth ) one should surely enable one to deriv..

..on all of mum 's body systems and it is common to feel breathless on exertion ( it is worth mentioning this to your midwife -- it is possible that you are anaemic -- ie. short of iron ) . Some women get backache and pain in the pelvis at this time , due to softening of the ligaments that support your muscles . This can be prevented by good posture and careful moving and lifting of toddlers . Keeping up gentle exercise , such as walking/swimming will help lessen the discomfort of late pregnancy as it a..

..ed in the wording and nature of laws .  Special status and protection for children is considered appropriate and morally acceptable in our laws . However , differences in physical strength between an adult assault offender and adult victim , whether due to gender or other factors , can easily be taken into account by the judge in determining the actual sentence for a particular offence . There is no need for a sexist law .  It 's incredible that our society goes on tolerating the existing sexism and t..

..has a Blackberry and hates it ) . And I met someone else with a new Nexus One , also with hardware faults . The more I read online , it seems these things crack easily , ca n't sustain the tiniest amount of moisture , and need to be reset constantly due to software glitches . I 'm talking smartphones in general here , not specifically Android . They just do n't seem anything like as sturdy as normal cellphones .  The good  There are some things I will miss if I decide not to go Android again . The fir..

..day , or pick up    25 April , 2010  Mushroom Quinoa Salad  I have n't disappeared ! I have just been quite busy ...  We had a fab time with our friends who arrived to visit us for a couple of days and got stranded in the UK for almost one more week due to the volcano ash and flight ban . However , two weeks have passed , and I have n't done much . Apartment needs to be cleaned , huge piles of clothes are waiting to be washed . And I 'm not talking about you and my blog , that I neglected completely ...

..bad , the breaking certainly was ! You pretty much slam into a preloaded spring at the end of the zip line and depending on your body weight the impact force is accordingly ... Considering that we have been putting on a few kgs over the last 3 month due to a very hearty diet the braking procedure was pretty uncomfortable and neither of us wish to repeat that any time soon . But needless to say , it was very sad to say good-bye to Jeff and Catalina but it is only another year until we meet again ...  O..

..p costing the taxpayer a lot more if you get rid of private development . "  Monique Watson , again , you miss the point . If the " unwealthy " people who speculate on property decided the was no longer sufficient profit in buying and selling houses due to a percentage being taken off them through a capital gains tax , the prices of houses would go down , which would create a larger number of people who could afford to buy them .  Alternatively if the " unwealthy " people who speculate on property did..

..digit retained . Suppose a number has been rounded to 1400 . We should be able to expect that before it was rounded to the nearest whole number it was greater than or equal to 1399.5 and less than 1400.5 Hence it should be no more than 0.5 different due to the rounding . Hence we can say that the four figures are reliable , and that the number has been expressed to four significant figures . However , suppose we had been rounding to the nearest 100 , which we might do in scientific or other practical ..

.. red circle . Further inward , the inner rim of the Sarsen Circle is also marked red , as this was a non-PHI related circuit as well . Component post or stone positions within these " perfect " circle renditions are seen to meander offline . This is due to a need to place them according to the dictates of 3,4,5 triangulation    We 'll start off by assessing the Khafre Pyramid 3,4,5 triangle geometry first , as it extends between markers on all 4 sites and sets up a template for creating additional geo..

..the welcoming committee was composed of curious King Penguins and smelly , moulting adult male elephant seals . We had several hours to spread out and enjoy ourselves surrounded by overwhelming quantities of wildlife at every turn . Elephant seals ( due to their huge size ) were one of the most obvious : the young males wallowed in tight groups - hard to believe that these are small compared to the fully grown adult males ! King Penguins were spread about the beach ; by sitting quietly with them some ..

..ne body ; the Church , but also taking it bigger , Jesus Christ . What an amazing encouragement that was and is . It was so difficult to say good bye to precious new friends and leave the camping ground that we missed our flight back to Christchurch due to being late , but Steph was so cool in the way she handled it !  Being back in my own patch , Northern Southland , again , Connect has made me feel part of something bigger and that I belong somewhere . Even if we will just see each other once a year..

.., the bare minimum for a ridiculously inflated price tag .  Recommended  Facebook Comments  I picked the game up for $75 , sure its an expensive Vita title for what you get . But I think its worth more then Unit 13 which also got rushed out the gate due to deadlines and the studio got closed .  Overall , Nihilistic did a great job at bring the CoD series to the Vita . The problem lies with Activision who pulled in half a billion+ on 1 day of black ops 2 release yet they struggle to use that money to i..

.. a list of FHA approved lenders , also as providing insurance for this kind of loans . Actually , the FHA is the largest insurer of mortgages in the entire globe .  Some Suggestions For those Thinking about First Time Buyer Home Loans  Be aware that due to the current housing crisis , we are inside a buyer 's market . However , this in no way means you 'll not discover the perfect house to buy and raise your household in .  Shop around prior to settling on the actual estate agent . You want to locate ..

..took daily colonics , but allowed water to flow through their colon for as long as two hours at a time . Perhaps they were trying to wash out their mind ? After several weeks of this extreme excess , the faster became highly confused and disoriented due to a severe electrolyte imbalance . They had to be taken off water fasting immediately and recovered their mental clarity in a few days . The loss of blood electrolytes happened because during colonics there occurs a sort of low-grade very slow reverse..

..stry , a Masters degree in zoology , and who worked for the U.S. Forest Service for over thirty five years . He tested the pH of nearby soil and snow and found the pH has been changing dramatically . He has evidence that this drastic change in pH is due to the massive increases of aluminium . Mangels states that forests , fields and farm ecologies thrive in acidic soils and aluminium acts as a buffer that increases alkalinity and can decimate ecologies . According to Mangels these changes have produce..

..e Mum 's wanting to bottle feed for various reasons . We all have our stories . We all do the best we can with the knowledge and help we have at the time .  Neil  Snap -- choice not emotional blackmail ..  Brian Smaller  Both my kids were bottle fed due to insufficient supply of the regular stuff . As a Dad I really enjoyed feeding the kids . I would go so far to say that it was probably the best times I ever had with my kids when they were very young . I was also able to let wifey sleep ( I did up to..

..ore next winter . Also we are moving up to live in the hut until we get a building up . So last night I was up until 1.30 am this morning clearing branches from the pine trees that I had been pruning so that it would be clear for the digger that was due to turn up at 10.30 today , to make a start on the track and the building site . I woke up just after 6am and could not help myself I just needed to get out for a quick hunt . I  The all exciting part of pig hunting that all pig hunters enjoy but somet..

..ally simple things unnecessarily complicated .  I do strongly agree that Flash is currently the best platform for commercial WEB games . Maybe HTML5 will be viable one day , but that might take a few years . ( Hell , IIRC , the HTML5 standard is not due to be officially ' ratified '   Sign up for mediaworks now to access lots of extra features across our family of websites .  BRYAN ADAMS TO TOUR NZ FOR THE FIRST TIME SINCE 1997  The Frontier Touring Company are excited to announce the first Bryan Adam..

..nothing of the other riders who were laying down the infrastructure . " I did n't really know other people . I think I met guys who built " Pipeline " once , but I ca n't be sure . I just saw some guys with tools in the distance " . Part of this was due to the Secret Trail Society whose mandate was to " keep trails hidden and the location of the trailheads passed on " . The goods were sub rosa .  At the time one particular man became addicted to putting his hands in the dirt and who would perhaps beco..

..ho made fasting obligatory is the One who obligated the salaah -- the greatest pillar of Islam after the testimony of faith . Allaah obligated salaah upon His Prophet ( sallallaahu alaihi wa sallam ) when he was taken up to the heavens , and this is due to the tremendous rank and nature of the salaah , since it serves as a continuous connection between the slave and his Lord . Hence , if the Muslim dreads his shortcoming in fasting , then he must realize that falling short in his salaah is even more s..

..ured in the interests of Aorangi 's investors .  5 . IRRESPONSIBLE AND UNPROFESSIONAL BEHAVIOR IN THE MANAGEMENT OF HUBBARD MANAGED FUNDS This complaint includes the irresponsible behaviour in the management of Hubbard Managed Funds . We allege that due to the statutory managers ' lack of actively managing the fund , the fund effectively lost capital of approximately $40M . This was a result of the statutory managers leaving the fund dormant and failing to monitor market trends when they first took ch..

..steering pump . It should fix the problem wherever it is. and after about a week and its still leaking I would change the gasket or o-ring that is leaking wherver it is located .  Other Answers ( 3 )  Yes it 's possible . The oil seal gets dried out due to a lack of fresh oil on it 's surface . If the seal has n't seen oil in a year + , the actual lip seal gets hard and sometimes sticks to the rotating surface and tears slightly causing the leak .  it depends where is the oil leak . u need to specify ..

.. the NZ Police ? I would suggest that your idea of counting brown faces down at the Christchurch Police Station , makes as much sense as counting brown faces at Merivale Mall , to gather your statistics . Maybe the reasons you were not accepted , is due to your paranoia , your obvious dishonesty ( accepting madeup figures , as fact , even when there are screeds of evidence that prove you wrong is being at the least naive , at the worst , dishonest ) -- and also it would appear , a bias against ethnic ..

..oad , speed , lubrication and clearance are affected the vibration of the bearing to different degrees . Grease lubricated bearings is prone to pitting corrosion , thus increasing the vibration response of the bearing .  Furthermore , the vibrator , due to the centrifugal force generated by the eccentric mass makes the eccentric shaft bent , so that the bearing generates the relative deflection of the inner and outer races , the rolling bodies in the bearing trajectory changes , and increases the vibr..

..ngloGold , smarting from its failed attempt to snatch Australian company Normandy , looks set to grow organically , with some of the additional output coming from the Mponeng mine , about 65 km south-west of Johannesburg .  Originally , the mine was due to close in 2007 , but a R1,3-billion shaft-deepening project now being implemented will prolong the life-of-mine to 2012 .  Shaftsinking at Mponeng started in 1981 , with the main shaft being commissioned in 1986 and the subshaft in 1993 .  The scope ..

..y .  Thanks to Don Wilkie for providing us with historic photographs from    BNZ supports farmers to make the most of future opportunities  N  Richard Bowman says that vertical integration models offer particular advantages to iwi farming businesses due to their scale , the long-term horizon of farming ownership and the unique brand and marketing opportunities that they intrinsically own .  " Vertical integration models such as processing or manufacturing primary products or developing their own brand..

.. Fri 23 Nov  Thank you : ) completely understand its not a easy time . Thanks for the support 7:57 pm , Fri 23 Nov  I am a friend of Molly 's mum Jo and old neighbour and have just started another Trademe auction for Molly : - ) I had put it on hold due to your fabulous auction but thought today being Molly 's birthday it would be a good day to start it ! Its listed as ' Magic Pennies for Molly 's Journey ' . 100% of all funds raised will go to Molly and her family . For those that can no longer affor..

..double , and even triple , in some countries in the coming decades . The evidence shows that most healthcare systems are not prepared to deal with this enormous increase in the numbers of seniors in need of fracture care or long-term hospitalisation due to disability .  In 2011 IOF also published a report based on data for Europe 's five largest countries and Sweden . It showed that the economic burden of fractures in Europe is far higher than previously estimated and that fractures result in more cos..

.. that would be far more inefficient than horses or mules once the energy for creating and maintaining the machines is taken into account .  I do n't dispute that there will be a return to using the energy of large domestic animals , but I think that due to land pressures such animals will not    Thursday , October 11 , 2012  Wolfgang Tillmans ( b. 1968 ) first attracted attention at the beginning of the 1990s , with his apparently mundane pictures of subjects taken from his own surroundings . After st..

..atform my pop up at you when a disconnect occurs , Actrix does not actively bump people off the line . We reserve the right to do it sometimes , but in all my time here , we have never done it on purpose .  Occasional disconnects are bound to happen due to irregularities along the phone line . When it rains , or when it 's cold and damp , line conditions will be much worse and disconnects will be more common . If you 're in a rural area , or close to electric fences , you are more likely to have disco..

