..ecurity measures , from antivirus software to remote disabling of devices . When it comes to implementing these measures , however , less than half have taken those steps .  As a result and not surprisingly , businesses here are seeing damages mount due to mobility-related security issues . They have suffered a variety of losses , measured by direct financial expenses , loss of productivity , litigation costs , compliance costs after an attack , and damage to the brand . Within the last 12 months , th..

..ke a contribution to environmental protection ....  New gangue grinder promotes environmental planning In recent years , China 's national economy keeps sustained and rapid development , the gross national product substantially increases . However , due to the accumulation of years of economic structural contradictions , there have been some notable problems ; the most prominent one is coal prices down and inventory increasing , thus exacerbating ...  In recent years , with the deepening of economic g..

..rvest , of which the sociology is rather complex and would require a preliminary account of the Trobriand kinship system and kinship ideas , it may be said that about three quarters of a man 's crops go partly as tribute to the chief , partly as his due to his sister 's ( or mother 's ) husband and family .  But although he thus derives practically no personal benefit in the utilitarian sense from his harvest , the gardener receives much praise and renown from its size and quality , and that in a dire..

..e matters of basic governance to the regions instead to be concentrated to the central government . Our faulty unitary system that was installed by the Spaniards have created a series of resentments of almost all Filipinos to the national government due to the latter 's incompetence in running the affairs of various regions that are different to each other .  The agreement between the GRP and MILF would give a reason for other regions including the Bangsamoro to secede from the Philippines especially ..

..be reported to DOLE , amid reports some business process outsourcing companies still require their employees to report for work .  There is no tropical cyclone existing within the Philippine Area of Responsibility , says Pagasa , and the downpour is due to the southwest monsoon.  30 comments  10 % forest is left , no city planning and corruption are the main reasons for the catastrophies , which hit the country ! Look at the Igorots : their rice terraces lasted for 3000 years ! They overcame all typho..

..Genuino headed Pagcor . Since Naguiat took over Pagcor , count how many times Tulfo put his name in his columns , at least 3 times in my recollection but never once about Genuino and Okada alleged connection especially lately .  It the price is down due to artificial manipulations by corruptions , PNoy may not know about this . It happened in the past like when Sen. Pelaez complained that the copra was so low here at P2/kilo but abroad was P8/kilo . He started complaining at the Batasan then . Afterwh..

..ons and 18.5% for small and medium-sized financial institutions . Meanwhile , Bank Indonesia and Bank of Korea both kept their policy rates steady at 6.75% and 3.00% , respectively . In Hong Kong , China , GDP grew by 7.2% y-o-y in the first quarter due to strong exports and domestic demand .  Consumer price inflation surged in the Philippines and Thailand in April , while slowing in Indonesia and the Republic of Korea . Consumer price inflation in Singapore was steady in March . Malaysia , the Philip..

..ollute are : water transport ( direct influence ) and using pesticides and chemical fertilizers in agriculture ; these agents penetrate through soil into ground water and then into cycle . What is more , the cycle of water in the nature is disturbed due to forest destruction , improper farming and the development of cities .  Soil is usually polluted by extensive and irresponsible waste disposal , using fertilizers and plant protection agents . It is also polluted indirectly by air , rainfall and grou..

..t .  Number of graduates by courses - Of the 65,914 enrollees in the city for academic year 2003-2004 , only 8,871 students or 13.46 percent finished their chosen courses . Majority or 23.41 percent finish Medical and Allied courses ; this is mainly due to the good chances of employment abroad . This also attests that local graduates are highly preferred and thus competitive in the labor market .  Non-formal education sector performance - The number of technical-vocational graduates which include scho..

..o Miss Mae :  Yes , that sentence would seem to mean that cities and civilizations still arise in Egypt today every time the river run offs at high tide -- a state of affairs that could n't be possibly true . The semantic problem in that sentence is due to the wrong use of the temporal subordinating conjunction " whenever " as well as the wrong use of the simple past-tense " sprang " in the main clause and of the present-tense " overflows and scatters " in the subordinate clause .  For that complex se..

..ll businesses worldwide stands at 2.2 zettabytes . Deep-diving into the figure on a global scale , the factors contributing to an organisation 's whopping expenditure are led mainly by :  2 . The proportion of Singapore companies that have lost data due to hardware failures and human errors is startling . Is this number higher than the global average ?  Yes -- Last year , 69 percent of global businesses experienced some form of information loss . In comparison , four out of five Singapore businesses (..

..showdown between the Philippine Azkals and the Vietnam Red Warriors tonight in Group A hostilities of the ASEAN Football Federation-Suzuki Cup 2012 at the Rajamangala Stadium in Bangkok .  Coach Hans Michael Weiss , who will watch the game from afar due to a one-game suspension , said this yesterday in a pre-game conference .  Weiss believes that a draw with the Red Warriors wo n't mean anything for the Azkals , who absorbed a 1-2 loss to the Thailand War Elephants last Saturday in their opening game ..

.. of suicide in our society , as well as economic issues , are also much influenced by the loosening of family ties . suicide as the cause of the failure to adapt , the failure of interpersonal relationships with other people to feel isolated , angry due to the inability to control emotions , and expression of the powerlessness of the various problems he was facing . The way it ended the life can be classified into four basic combined into NASH ( Natural Accident Suicide and Homicide ) . Homicide or mu..

..rs coarser in shadows and low mids . Some cinematographers overexpose a bit in order to get the cleanest results , but this is stock specific .  There is a similar connection with film speed ( sensitivity ) . Slower film is cleaner and finer grained due to its very fine individual grains . Fast films need larger particles to capture light faster , and thus exhibit coarser grain . Different developers can affect graininess , especially with black &; white film . More notably , developers containing sil..

..wer , LP officials are committed to advance and institutionalize the party 's political ideology and principles to sustainably increase the number of believers and supporters who will march along the President 's rallying call    From 1992 to 1994 , due to a serious industrial dispute , the Kaisahan ng Manggagawa sa Remerco Garments Manufacturing Inc . - KMM Kilusan ( union ) staged a strike against respondent Remerco Garments Manufacturing , Inc . ( RGMI ) . Because the strike was subsequently declar..

..nstitution . Nevertheless , those methods have not deterred students from plagiarizing . The effectiveness of those warnings and punishment is yet to be confirmed .  It has been suggested in research that the practice of plagiarism is rampant mainly due to the rapid advancement in information technology ( Hansen , 2003 , Introna et al , 2003 ) . A lot of information , which includes literary composition , journal articles as well as practically anybody 's work , is put online , readily accessible to a..

..e a several days but this will do for a short tournament . It is primarily used for recovery because a 90-minute hard match is hard on one 's body .  If you recall in April of 2010 , there was concern about the 20-hour bus ride by Barcelona to Milan due to the explosion of Eyjafjallajokull volcano . Once they got there , they got waxed 3-1 by Intermilan in a Champions League match ( Barca got bounced from the competition as they lost 3-2 on aggregate ) . Again , there was hardly any recovery for the L..

.. golditems still ranks as among the best DPS cost/ratio item imo . It 's an excellent item all around item for void the whole game , unless ofc you plan to play himlike a super late gamer  you to take an extra 20% dam but that 's a non factor for me due to the way I play void . If you pick when to appear intelligently ( etc , playing clean up after a big clash ) , you should have no problems with it .  If you are cleaning up after a big clash , you are playing him wrong . He is an initiator or second ..

..the most significant cause of global warming ?  The primary cause of global warming is Carbon Dioxide emissions . CO2 is being pumped into our atmosphere at an insane pace ; 8 billion tons of CO2 entered the air last year . Of course some of this is due to natural activity such as volcanic eruptions and people breathing . But the Earth is equipped to easily absorb those into the normal regenerative process . No , the beginning of global warming was caused by fossil fuels being burned and emitting plen..

..faction . Nothing could be nicer than for Tony ( Carpio ) to say ' I 'm not interested , ' " Saguisag told ABS-CBN 's Umgang Kay Ganda .  Carpio , who entered the Supreme Court ahead of Corona , did not accept his nomination as chief justice in 2010 due to a ban on " midnight appointments . " This led to Corona 's appointment as chief justice in 2010 .  Saguisag said it would be better if President Aquino appoints as chief justice Associate Justice Roberto Abad , who will retire    MANILA , Philippine..

..Medicine . Cool ! From being part of the underfunded Philippine public health system , it 's now been transferred to the auspices of the underfunded Philippine educational system . But hope springs eternal , I see that many wings have been renovated due to private efforts ( Senate spouses , Alumni orgs , Corporate endeavors ) , and even a spanking new Reproductive Health wing is being constructed . I certainly hope the Ortolls ( the name on the building ) support reproductive health access ( both natu..

..or example if you posted advertising or uploaded child porn - your profile will be removed and your IP will be banned .  Nevertheless we are always open for communication , so if you feel that your comment/torrent/profile was removed for no reason , due to a mistake or personal conflict - feel free to contact the Mod Team or Staff Members by PM .  Site  KickassTorrents is not just a neat design with a whole bunch of code under it . Thousands of people have spent many hours to make this site welcoming ..

..efore ovulation and high after ovulation . One should therefore chart the BBT to know the ovulation period . This can also be done by measuring the basal temperature using the thermometer .  There are many cervical changes during ovulation . This is due to the fact that there are many hormonal changes in a cycle and they lead to changes in the cervix and cervical mucus through the cycle . During ovulation , the cervical mucus is produced in large quantities and also changes in appearance as it becomes..

..to the Philippines , while Typhoon Julian steadily approaches the so-called Philippine Area of Responsibility , the state weather bureau said Friday .  " Typhoon Igme is forecast to make a counter-clockwise looping motion within the next 24-48 hours due to its interaction with Typhoon Julian , " the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration said in a bulletin .  The interaction between the two storms is called the Fujiwhara Effect , a phenomenon described by the US ..

..s every day , and regularly consult your Math teacher for the things you do not completely understand . Unfortunately , on the actual day of the competition , you fell terribly ill and could not make it to school . Your goal just became unachievable due to the circumstances . What to do ? Go set a new one ! Focus on becoming the Quiz Bee champion next school year . For sure , the efforts you have done this year will not be wasted .  Believe you can  Finally , it is most important , by far , to believe..

..ry hard to say when the best time of year is to go for calmer seas . However " dry " or summer season which should be end of March/April/May/June is more likely to have calmer seas . Festivals such as Easter/Holy week and Christmas should be avoided due to severe overcrowding of ferries .  I really do appreciate it . I just started writing down possible destinations for my journey including beaches , adventure parks and any tourist spots in the Philippines . I long to travel all natural wonders ( and ..

..dies , which are mostly taught in the Filipino language -- proof of the need to revisit the education system for deaf mute individuals , says JP . In this connection , a World Census report said that 90 percent of deaf individuals lack a regular job due to their condition .  Says JP : " Based on current PRC rules , sign language is related and grouped with written language . That should not be the case because sign language is a very visual language -- we draw pictures in the air . " Educating the dea..

..ed to at the very least show that you genuinely care about them . When people feel that you care and you give them their deserved attention , they will most likely return again to you in their time of need .  Some businesses and even tourist spots , due to either their " budget deals " or great geographical positions can tend to over look this important element when dealing with people and adopt the wrong attitude of " lose some gain others " . Some examples of this attitude are what we recently exper..

..ittle on the negative side so I will not fill you in with the details anymore . I will call it a night after I have collated some samples of outdoor lighting that someone requested me to do .  Maybe that 's what I need : rest . I    I came home late due to the strong rain that caused flooding outside our house . I was waiting for the water to subside . But when it was almost nine , I decided to go home . Doing the laundry was in mind because I might be away for the whole week next week . So indeed , I..

..s case Rip Morgan and Jonathan Boyd teaming up as the ? Kiwi Sheepherders ? . Boyd and Morgan quickly made a mark on Memphis by beating the Fabulous Ones for Southern Tag Team Championship on June 17 , 1985 . The team was soon stripped of the titles due to excessive cheating but had the titles returned to them when Boyd and Morgan threatened to sue CWA management over the incident. 3 Instead of taking the titles from the Sheepherders by stripping them the Fabulous Ones took the Southern tag team title..

.. healthy weight will ensure enhanced fertility . According to research , having a very low or very high BMI will affect ovulation and the production of hormones required for reproduction . Many overweight women have an ovulatory dysfunction disorder due to their weight .  Avoid stress  Stress normally disrupts the production of reproductive hormones and therefore they may lead to a problem in ovulation making it hard to get pregnant . Stress has a significant effect on the fertility level and this is ..

..ons when dealing with stability complaints . After posting the announcement at Bugzilla , it riled plenty of nightly testers , with one Mozilla dev suggesting that around half of them were currently using the now defunct 64-bit version -- presumably due to the fact that an official release never made it out of the gates . What are the options then , if you need your browsing 64-bit ? You could return to Internet Explorer or give Opera a try -- both offer a higher bit version , or make a switch to eith..

..in date  Check-out date  I was in Ilo-ilo when I got the invitation to join PAL 's Toronto inaugural flight . At first , I still cant believe I will be traveling to Canada this year since visiting North America is really out of the picture obviously due to budget constraints .  Philippine Airlines Boeing B777  After almost 15 hours of non-stop flight , we finally arrived at the Torontos Pearson International Airport and together with some members of the press , travel agents , bloggers and airline off..

..ing a working game economy is really challenging . No matter what you do , players will figure out some way to game your system , break it , and get rich quick . MMO economies are really micro versions of the real world . When not properly managed ( due to lack of resources , skills , etc. ) this can ruin your game . Inflation is a game-killer ! If you ca n't afford to have someone babysit your economy , then you should n't allow trading gold ... period .  The third and most important lesson I learned..

..ts of water ice on the planet .  Surface  Although most of the Earth 's surface lies beneath its oceans , the remaining " dry " surface is quite remarkable . When comparing the Earth to other solid bodies in the Solar System , its surface stands out due to its lacking impact craters . It is not that the Earth has been spared the numerous impacts by small bodies ; rather , it is because the evidence of these impacts has been erased . Although there are many geological processes responsible for this , t..

.. what this cleansing and detoxifying supplement can do to the body . I just hope I get the same results she did once I finally try the product . After    janet 's Site  janet  It is in no way uncomplicated to build an remarkable webpage . This is so due to the fact you have to think about so many details that you generally mess things up . But if you are hoping to design a web site and want it to carry out impressively , you need to retain the following listing with you all the time .  Do nt employ so..

..ns Reflex Camera or Interchangeable-Lens Compact System Camera , depending on the environment and situation , it is possible for particles and dust in the air to attached to the image sensor .  Because this phenomenon can not be completely prevented due to structural reasons , the image sensor can be cleaned when you think there might be dust on it .  How to clean the image sensor varies depending on the model being used .  Some Digital Single-Lens Reflex Cameras and Interchangeable-Lens Compact Syste..

.. set of the newest Phenomenal Teleserye #InaKapatidAnak . But the situation just wo n't allow me . It 's either raining , far locations , or their taping conflicting with my schedule . Finally , last night , I made it there . The 4 hours travel time due to heavy traffic was nothing after seeing the beautiful stars of the Primetime Soap . Kim Chiu just got off her Van , Enchong had bruises all over his face , Xian who just woke up &; Maja who was tweeting about her movie 24/7 In Love .  The set was jus..

.. practically just about every kitchen requires even specially for the fact that a kitchen is essentially meant for cooking , that is why we really need to appear into kitchen cabinets Charleston sc . Women desires to really feel comfy in the kitchen due to the fact sometime they spend most of their time in the kitchen as well as for the fact that this is the only spot in the home where they might would like to and manage . You will discover few superior firms which can be in a position to generate inv..

..es in high school came , we talked about the things we did during our time in high school . What we went through , some questions where still unanswerable but still happy to see everyone .  There are those who promised to come but have n't showed up due to some more important thing to do . But we understand them as long as we are all happy and excited to see those who came . We stayed at the resort until the guard called our attention . They said its closing time and what we did was to look for other ..

..-- which consists largely of intercompany borrowing/lending between foreign direct investors and their subsidiaries/affiliates in the Philippines -- reversed to a net outflow of $111Mn from a net inflow of $251Mn during the comparable period in 2011 due to intercompany loan repayments and higher trade credits extended to affiliates abroad . ( Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas )  National Government Debt Decreased to Php5.075Tn as of End-April  As of April , the National Government debt stood at Php5,075.24B..

..t , and then play passes to the opponent at the end of the shot . Whether balls are being spotted after safeties depends on the rules of the particular game .  1.7 Balls Settling A ball may settle slightly after it appears to have stopped , possibly due to slight imperfections in the ball or the table . Unless this causes a ball to fall into a pocket , it is considered a normal hazard of play , and the ball will not be moved back . If a ball falls into a pocket as the result of such settling , it is r..

..was Ranbaxy 's second recall of the drug , called atorvastatin , since August .  The Food and Drug Administration said Ranbaxy wo n't resume manufacturing atorvastatin until it determines the cause of the latest problem and fixes it . The recall was due to " possible contamination with very small glass particles similar to the size of a grain of sand , " according to the FDA .  " We know that there was glass in the bulk drug ingredient . That 's how it got in , " Dr. Janet Woodcock , director of the F..

..gration queues were as bad as the morning flights . Thankfully , check-in was a breeze , and there was only a short line at immigration .  After getting our passports stamped , much of our time was used charging our gadgets , which we have neglected due to the rush we 've experienced . Much later , the time came for us to board our bulkhead seats that I was able to get for us with my charms , or so I think .  It was my first time flying Philippine Airlines internationally . The experience was pleasant..

..unted to P11.5 bn , up by 16% YoY .  Focusing on the second quarter of 2012 , net income was P6.6 bn , an improvement of 20% YoY . The movements in the peso-dollar exchange rate resulted to a P442-mn non-recurring gain ( versus last year 's P36 mn ) due to the revaluation of consolidated dollar-denominated liabilities and placements . A one-off cost amounting to P297 mn was booked during the quarter as : ( 1 ) reimbursement was made to its steam supplier for operating expenses relating to power consum..

..nia , and we often walk out with numerous bags . The mall has plenty of big-name clothing stores such as Abercrombie &; Fitch , Aeropostale , American Eagle Outfitters , ...  I just recently arrived in Colorado and will be staying here for some time due to work so I decided to familiarize myself with the area . I needed to buy some birthday presents and was looking for a good mall to shop at . Some co-workers recommended the ...  Northland Mall is a fantastic place for shopping because it is located i..

..asting agility hero with a focus on using utility items and utility skills for the betterment of his team . His spells deal a lot of damage , especially early game , but are somewhat difficult to hit . His ultimate is very powerful in all situations due to its short cooldown and decent duration , with not a huge penalty otherwise . For this reason , he is most effective when he is coordinating with his team to set up ganks in early to mid game , while providing either utility or damage later in the ga..

.., however , dropped by 9 percent to 1,662 units from 1,822 a year earlier because of delays shipments of some models , Hari noted .  " Although passenger car sales in October experienced a slowdown , light commercial vehicle sales grew by 28 percent due to timely arrival of units of the all-new Santa Fe , " said Agudo .  The recent Philippine credit rating upgrade by Moody 's Investor Service to Ba1 or a notch below investment grade is a significant factor that could boost better sales for the car ind..

..point about this is it operates very very well singly or doubled up plus they research wonderful both approaches , in particular when color-coded as being a pair .. They are merely swiftly overtaking physique artwork for the cause that tattoo models due to the fact as opposed to tattoos , stomach sounds actually do nt depart nearly any long term signifies on the human human body.make your working day actually-so- particular and unforgettable with bespoke bridal tiaras from Luv- Jewellery.Buy $ one and..

..ve and ocular lens .  The advantage of the Greenough design is the similarity to a compound microscope since it allows selection of high apertures .  The disadvantage is what 's known as the keystone effect . This is a slight tilt in the focal plane due to the two lenses viewing the same image at slight angles .  As the lenses are not exactly parallel , this results in the outside of the image in the field of view to be slightly over focused or under focused . Therefore , only the central regions of t..

... Aguinaldo left for Hongkong on December 27,1897 with 25 revotionary leaders . The other officials who were left behind asked for the balance of P 400,000 and distributed them to the poor . The peace under the Pact of Piak-Na-Bato did not last long due to mistrust between rebels and Spanish government . The Filipinos were suspicious of the Spaniards and did not surrender all their weapons . the Spaniards also failed to fulfill their promises . the Spanish Authorities resumed arresting rebels and thei..

.. we need to work to feed our family , we need to work to pay overall expense bills and we need to work for our children 's future needs . In fact , a lot of mothers out there are engaged in hard works and often find themselves asleep the whole night due to the tiring body they had experienced . There are some who loss time with their children or to their husband . Although , hard working moms often experienced hard works all the time and even 24/7 .  They still need time to rest and relax . A mom who ..

..all be cancelled and the certificate of registration issued in his favor shall be recalled immediately by the Commissioner .  In the event that the certificate of authority of a non-life insurance company to transact business is suspended or revoked due to business failure arising largely from the imprudent and injudicious acceptance of risks by the underwriter concerned , the registration of such underwriter shall likewise be cancelled and his certificate of registration shall be recalled by the Comm..

..ocus on my experiences in restaurants and hotels , and with appliances , books , etc .  Find the grammatical errors  MANILA , Philippines -- Investigators revealed the plane crash that killed Interior and Local Government Secretary Jesse Robredo was due to both pilot and engine errors .  In a 14-page report submitted by the investigating body created by former Transportation and Communications Secretary Manuel Roxas II and reported by The Philippine Star , it was revealed that there were several engin..

..ue largely to several initial public offerings by :  Bloomberry Resorts Corporation  Rockwell Land Corporation  East West Banking Corporation  Calata Corporation  Outflows , on the other hand , rose to $1.4Bn ( or by 23.9% ) from last month 's level due to growing concerns about Greece and Spain .  The main beneficiaries of investments in PSE-listed shares were holding firms ( $337Mn ) , diversified industrials ( $228Mn ) , and banks ( $183Mn ) .  The United States , the United Kingdom , Hong Kong , L..

..uring the morning session . Especially the fact that direct insults addressed to the President did not seem to bother him , surprised us . The coordinator affirmed our observation that the President accepts and allows a lot . He reckons that this is due to the enormous media attention and the presence of international observers . He asserts , however , that the President has been consistent in his decision-making so far . This afternoon , after a few days of standing on the sidelines , the Prosecution..

.. .  Make a food plan for the week to help you save on the cost of food and to make it easier to stick to a healthy-eating plan . When you take just a little time to plan and prioritize what you eat , you lessen your risk of preparing unhealthy foods due to grabbing something quick to eat at the last minute .  Consider hiring a dietician to help you design your weight loss plans . They will recommend healthier food choices that you can make on a routine basis . The most effective way to shed those poun..

..e same manner as previous , that is , by a global widespread cooling and/or worldwide lowering of sea level .  The Formation of Pangea  Another theory which explains the mass extinctions of the Permian is the reduction of shallow continental shelves due to the formation of the super-continent Pangea . Such a reduction in oceanic continental shelves would result in ecological competition for space , perhaps acting as an agent for extinction . However , although this is a viable theory , the formation o..

..l these freak of nature such as calamities are brought about probably by too much toxin in the atmosphere . Ria C 's last type .. Seasonal Flooding in Venice  wow sounds like you had a blast although the tagaytay does not have the cooler temperature due to global warming but I am glad I could still see happy smile in the picture . Welcome to the Philippines Windy ! Mary Anne 's Musings 's last type .. Uh Uh , Not Just Yet But Wait !  Yikes ! I did n't know na may snake pala sa Taal lake . I 've never ..

.. his priestly ordination .  " December 21 is my priestly ordination anniversary . My ordination day can never be a day of wrath , it will always be a day of blessing , " he said .  Talks about the world ending on December 21 have started circulating due to the end-date of a 5,125-year-long cycle in the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar which some believe marks the end of the world .  Last year , a US-based evangelist also claimed that the world would    Recent Columns  2nd Pinoy Dies In Oil Rig Blast  ..

.. Philippine parents , and I only carry a Philippine passport . I do not claim any other nationality . But when I speak in the Philippines my belonging is questioned . "  She grew up in London and it was another 15 years before she was able to return due to my family 's political activities . Naturally , she would have a British accent derided by some misguided Filipinos .  " It was n't just the unauthorized biography of Imelda Marcos that my mother had written , but my parents ' dissident activities ,..

..olid rock amidst stretches of flatlands . One of the sides is a shallow cave with an arched entrance . Inside is an altar-like rock and two beach-like rock formations on its side .  Ignito Cave , Bgy Tigum , Busuanga . Locally known as Elephant Cave due to its appearance . This and other nearby caves are managed by the San Lorenzo Ruiz Farm Ecotourism Cooperative . Beautiful limestone formation of stalagmites , stalactites and other crystalline structures abound . It has a " skylight " in one of its c..

..epublican , Democrat , or Tea Party ... I 've really come to despise all of them . I guess I 'm becoming more and more of an anarchist the older I get ... Screw all of ' em and leave me alone .  My take on all of this is that an awful lot of this is due to two reasons : the media ... Which has a vested interest in perpetual discord , and a general lack of focus on education in the United States .  With the media , what has happened is that the average American 's attention span is neatly sliced and di..

..roadcasting of two separate MIDI commands in order to satisfy its purpose . If you have ever " pasted with replace " a measure over a note that extended from the previous measure into the one being pasted over , you may have experienced a stuck note due to the confusion that can    Pages  Tuesday , May 10 , 2011  It was a mall hopping weekend  Last weekend 's theme was mall hopping . I went to five different shopping malls in my always short weekend break . It was tiring and financially draining , but..

..hether it is true or false , has nothing surprising in it . It was pointed out above that time , as we perceive it , always presents these distinctions . And it has generally been held that this is a real characteristic of time , and not an illusion due to the way in which we perceive it . Most philosophers , whether they did or did not believe time to be true of reality , have regarded the distinctions of the A series as essential to time .  When the opposite view has been maintained , it has general..

.. , planthoppers , both the brown and the whitebacked planthoppers , have become serious problems . In the tropics , scientists recognize these as secondary pests and when they become problematic , it is because of the breakdown in ecosystem services due to insecticide misuse . Insecticide overuse is also causing rapid development of resistance and in China , the brown planthopper is reported to have acquired hundred folds in insecticide resistance to some active ingredients . In his recent visit to IR..

.. a positive feedback from the customer .  Sample Letter  Date  Sender 's Name Office Position Department Sender 's Address  Addressee Company Name Company Address  Dear Name :  We are writing to inform you that your credit account has been suspended due to default in payment of several installments . For the month of ( scope ) , we have confirmed that your payments have been delayed and that up to present date , our company has n't received any settlement yet .  Upon noticing that for several months y..

.. Sur . Frank Malilong . The other side ... 4 many years ago on my very first trip to Hong Kong ... Nabua Camarines Sur  Camarines Sur Sight Seeing -- Proud to be Nabueo . This is the new encounter of Nabua Camarines Sur . This will satisfy your eyes due to the fact of the stunning sight that can be seen on our own town . WE CAN SAY THAT NABUA IS NOW A PROGRESSIVE TOWN ....  6 Responses to " Hi -- We are planning a vacation to Phillipines with the family for the first time -- need help in planning ? " ..

..he visible horizon .  This would mean that the time to take would be when the sun 's Lower Limb is half the semi diameter above the visible horizon .  Twilight  Dawn , Dusk or twilight is formed when the sun 's indirect rays appear above the horizon due to the refraction and reflection of the sun 's rays in the atmosphere .  Astronomical twilight begins when the sun is 18 ? below the horizon .  Nautical twilight begins when the sun is 12 ? below the horizon and Civil twilight begins when the sun is 6 ..

..afloat , " Monterona stressed .  Monterona said that no countries that also send migrant workers abroad could claim that they gained economic development through mere reliance on migrants ' remittances although they help pump prime the local economy due to massive local consumption    AIDS rise imperils MDG targets of PH , warns UN  MANILA , Philippines -- The United Nations ( UN ) warned on Friday that the Philippines was not on target to meet its Millennium Development Goal ( MDG ) of stopping the s..

..cert and lab tests to support that I have been sick for days , been treated out patient and that my sickness , clinically speaking , involves on and off fever as symptoms . My med cert did n't state any need for confinement or bed rests though . But due to slight fever , I requested for one more day off to recuperate . My immediate supervisor states that whatever medical record I have will not vouch me her authorization for me to stay at home one more day since the med cert did not imply so . She even..

..ncreased operational efficiency by outsourcing its core on-board services such as catering . Philippine Airlines also invested in self-check-in machines to further minimise operational costs . Cebu Pacific Air continued to dominate passenger numbers due to its continuous promotions such as the Piso fare but its value share continued to be less than half of Philippine Airlines ' at 17% in 2011 .  PROSPECTS  Transportation value is expected to grow by a constant value CAGR of 21% in the forecast period ..

..share our experiences in network marketing . This training was recorded at The Movement 's headquarters in Signall Hill , California on Aug. 4 , 2012  Note there were 5 parts to this training but unfortunately we lost the first hour of the recording due to a bad mic setup . ( my fault )  The rest of the recordings turned out fantastic and we must thank Jim Robbins for his camera work !  How to Get More Customers  Aruna Jayarahman teaches how to get customers and followup with old customers  3 Pillars ..

..2008 , I started documenting my food trips for my travel blog , and since I have quite enough to start a food blog , might as well put all those food trips in one location . Thus , a food blog is born - thanks to the new Friendster Blogs . However , due to several problems , I was left with no choice but to pack bags again and move here instead . Here 's the permanent address , promise ! Enough talk , let    Monday , November 26 , 2012  Home Cooked Meals by Sandy Daza at the Maya Kitchen  Last Saturda..

..ober 2010 , fixers have been minimized , if not eliminated because the drivers are directly transacting with our personnel , " Tolentino said .  In the previous years , the redemption area could only accommodate up to 300 transactions daily , mainly due to lack of manpower and efficient computerized system .  But when Tolentino assumed office in August 2010 , he prioritized the overhaul of the redemption area to expedite transactions .  The office now has 76 personnel , with nine cashiers / collectors..

..lp you get started . Although these are actual letters , they are based on situations . If you are not sure    Notification Letter  A notification letter regarding cancellation of check payment in transit can be caused by several reasons . It can be due to sudden change of creditor 's location . It can also be caused by :  Undelivered goods after the expiration of the contract date .  Goods delivered but are not in accordance with the agreement signed by the parties .  Services that are not rendered a..

..r hair is quirky , make sure to be somewhat subtle elsewhere .  This look is perfect for evenings , parties , fun activities , et cetera    2011-2012 Season Recap : Luck of the Draw  The sudden cancellation of the Kaya FC versus Stallions UFL game , due to lighting and unplayable field conditions , caused much controversy about the league 's existing rules and regulations . The contentious decision to replay the match from the start , cause quite an uproar among the teams and supporters of the league ..

..l 1946 . As a result of 48 years of American rule , most Filipinos know English and are familiar with American culture . Unlike other ethnic groups , when they arrive in the United States , many of them can easily adapt to the American way of life , due to the absence of language and cultural barriers .  Understanding Patients of Philippine Origin : Common Themes  The invisibility of Filipinos is a concern for rehabilitation providers who truly want to be culture brokers . How can they understand a gr..

.. in the city centre areas are a little costlier but there is even one reality that all the attractions are positioned near to these hotels and are quite far from the outskirts hotels . So , if one is planning to select the hotels in outskirts mainly due to the rent then do n't forget that the taxi or other means charges to reach the shopping areas as well as the main attractions will accumulate to the same rent that is charged by the hotels located in the city centre .  So , the best thing would be to..

..against the Ottoman Turk in 1565 and also against Italy in 1943 . At the same time , people in Malta also celebrates the birth of Jesus ' mother , Mary .  Sri Lanka 's Victory Day ( May 18 )  Victory Day in Sri Lanka is celebrated on May 18 annually due to Sri Lankan Military 's victory against LTTE , a kind of militant organization , which was formed to separate themselves from Sri Lanka . That civil war in Sri Lanka was taken place during 1983 until 2009 .  Vietnam 's Victory Day ( April 30 )  Victo..

..y social security .  Trade and repair of motor vehicles , motorcycles , personal and household goods decelerated from 10.2 percent in 2010 to 4.5 percent in 2011 ; financial intermediation likewise slowed down from 6.1 percent to 4.6 percent in 2011 due to the decelerations in banks and other financial institutions while the public administration and defense , compulsory social security sub-sector posted a negative 0.6 percent reduction from 7.9 percent growth in 2010 .  Still under the service sector..

..ook place , with Friday holiday festivities , including midnight sales in local malls , continuing as planned .  More deaths expected  Mayor Vicente Emano of Cagayan de Oro City said he expects the number of deaths caused by Sendong to be around 500 due to the high number of missing persons rescue teams are still trying to locate more than 24 hours after Sendong 's wreaked havoc on the city .  Leonardo Vicente Corrales , a freelance journalist in Cagayan de Oro , which has a population of half a milli..

..se alone are staggering . It is estimated that 400,000 Filipinos are afflicted with this disease and that 40,000 die every year . Economists estimating the value of human life to the Islands would tell us that P20,000,000 a year is the economic loss due to the prevalence of this disease , a loss which is wholly preventable in the light of modern scientific and medical knowledge .  The society has the hearty approval and promise of cooperation of the Government . Its plan is to establish tuberculosis c..

..and the next two days overbooked , I ended up purchasing tickets from other airlines just to get home . I needed to be back to Manila .  Other airlines serving Singapore-Manila route were also fully booked for the succeeding days . I supposed it was due to coming holy week , that Overseas Filipino Workers were already returning home . Whatever the reason of the passenger traffic congestion , I was in a bad position . So I thought of other ways of going back to the Philippines , and via Kuala Lumpur , ..

..h-bashing  The glaring difference between the speakers , too , did not go unnoticed by the students . Dash Cordero , a senior Statistics major , was immensely disappointed by the repeated jabs against the Church by one of the speakers , particularly due to the emphasis on academic and " research-based " information made in pre-event announcements .  " I was expecting that Dr. Ernesto Pernia would present his arguments the same way as economics expert Dr. Bernardo Villegas does -- which is precise and ..

..s and improve roads in the provinces .  Arroyo actually has a lot of supporters especially from the silent middle class . I hope that she gets well soon . People easily forgot what she did for our country . We have experienced a high increase in GNP due to her economic policies . She also help a lot to improve the provinces . The call center industry boomed because during her reign . People could ask her to be tried in court but they should follow the law when doing so . How sad that other people woul..

.. During the deliberation of all the graduating students , all teachers were required to report about the academic performance of the graduating students . Tapao then brought to the attention of respondent about her two students who have failing mark due to the failure to take the major exams .  She said she submitted the grading sheets to the school registrar . However , Faith Rabe relayed to her the instructions of Soriano to allow the two students to take the exams , which she complied .  " I compli..

..Registration , part of World Nursing ... Hi fellas , did you received you ATT ? Because me I did n't get any . CA BRN said I 'm not eligible due ...  Hi fellas , did you received you ATT ? Because me I did n't get any . CA BRN said I 'm not eligible due to my OR/DR cases . Do you have the same burden like me. when I read the letter I feel frustrated . I just apply for NCLEX RN this April 2012 and after I passed all the requirements they mail me this May 2012 that I 'm not eligible .  Its so unfair bec..

..and so nice to perfectly end my meal while chatting with friends . No sinkers but still a winner ! Dilution and sweetness level excites me that I drank this in less that 5 minutes I guess . I needed another one but hesitated for I may not sleep well due to its caffeine content .  Red Beans Buchi PhP45  If there 's a dessert that is always present in Chinese/Szechuan menu , many believed that it is Buchi . A rice cake molded into shape with sweet bean paste filling and covered with sesame seeds . A ser..

.. REST on my birthday eve ... Well , I 'm still in the midst of utilizing that present . Hehe ... Taking a breather and finding time to ingest much of what I must in this season ...  Japanese cuisine with friends ... who make it difficult to function due to excessive laughter . : p  Soon , I should t ake time to share with you some birthday happenings ... I have n't even finished reading all your thoughtful greetings yet . I find myself pausing in an overwhelmed state ... Also , I 'm still in the proce..

..s and Mindanao .  For the period of the US military government in the Philippines , there was an unwritten ban on the Philippine flag and use of the national colors . Once a civil government was recognized , the unwritten ban was relaxed . However , due to the patriotic nature of Filipinos and their use and display of their flag and the national colors , and several incidents related to their patriotism , the Flag Law was passed . The Flag Law or Act No.1696 ( An act to prohibit the display of flags ,..

..agazine  Manila , Philippines -- With less than two days before the deadline for submission of entries to the search for the Ten Accomplished Youth Organizations , eighty-five ( 85 ) youth organizations are in danger of being taken out of the search due to incomplete documentary requirements .  TAYO , being the country 's premier award-giving body to outstanding youth organizations , is a much-coveted honor for Filipino youth orgs . With a Php50 , 000.00 project grant at stake , a link with corporate ..

..exams looming in the distance and course works piling up and revision suddenly becoming more urgent and all I want to do is eat my way through it . Not good when I 'm not supposed to be having dairy right now , and I am eating little else . Probably due to my lack of sleep and terrible diet I now have a cold . It started suddenly with a sore throat and now I am hacking up my lungs every few minutes . Lovely and exactly what I need right now .  I had a maths test today which went terrible . It was stra..

..vigation  This 747 is sitting in a boneyard in Mojave , CA waiting to be dismantled and recycled at the end of its useful life . On May 23rd , 2012 the area experienced extreme winds of 70+ miles per hour and reports of gusts up to 100 near the pass due to a low pressure zone . Without the weight of its engines and with its landing flaps deployed , the slightly tail heavy 747 tries to take to the skies one last time . The next day the plane was found to have also rotated about 45 degrees from its orig..

..y people disgusted at how the world economy is being handled . It is just a matter of time before social unrest spreads and the battle for resources begins .  Have we not learned from the past ? Form Easter Island and the empires that became extinct due to ecological imbalances ? We need to act now and tell our leaders to mitigate and reduce greenhouse gases , to stop REDD+ ( Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation ) and the trading of carbon .  We need to restore the world 's eco..

..of course also valid , but not of interest .  In the third figure , the two moods RRI and GRI are worthy of attention . Each exceptionally draws a conclusion from two singular premises , without involvement of a universal premise ; this is of course due to the position of the middle term as individual subject of both premises . This reflects the fact that one instance often suffices to make a particular point ( and is sometimes enough to disprove a general postulate ) . Note that the conclusion is par..

.. of tablets running Android , offering unique options that used to be found in the Samsung or iPad Apple . But if you need a tablet of the highest quality based on Android , announced in today 's market , it is best to look at the Galaxy Note 10.1 , due to its stable ecosystem and belonging to the family of the more advanced gadgets such .  But , on the other hand , if you want a certain novelty of tablets Android , and you do not mind the fact that your gadget will be well very similar to Samsung Gal..

..s , resulting in a 9% and 4% increase of local patent and trademark applications , respectively . Turnaround time for all product lines further shortened , improving the agency 's customer service performance . Filings in the Office dropped slightly due to the downturn of the economy , but mitigating measures and filings from IPSOs managed to stem a revenue shortfall . Growth compared to 2008 was -5% . However , net income was more than sufficient to meet all personnel salaries and benefits .  2009 wa..

..As such , some businesses and employers called for more flexibility in the way the ' cooling off ' period is applied . Therefore , from mid-December the 12 months will be counted from the day a worker leaves the UK , regardless of when their visa is due to expire , providing they can show when they left the UK and that they have not returned to work here since .  And finally , entrepreneurs will no longer have to display a higher level of English than those migrants entering the UK via other routes . ..

..n report which    Five Ways to Improve your Transcription Skills  October 25th , 2012 archie  Whether we are new graduates or veterans in the transcription industry , we still have this craving to improve in our transcription skills . This is either due to call of duty , or because of our sheer passion for the transcription industry .  In summary , these are five of the ways we can improve on our transcription skills : develop liking for the job a particular client offers -- even if we do not seem to ..

