..he trees and the rivers on one finger , and the rest of the creation on one finger , and then will say , pointing out with His Hand , ' I am the King . ' " On that Allah 's Apostle smiled and said , " No just estimate have they made of Allah such as due to Him . ( 39.67 ) ------- 9.604 : ------- Narrated ' Abdullah : A priest from the Jews came ( to the Prophet ) and said , " On the Day of Resurrection , Allah will place all the heavens on one finger , and the Earth on one finger , and the waters and ..

..s TV channels and their August 14 transmissions that get us emotionally-charged in the Independence Day spirit .  This year 's transmissions , however , were not as impressive as they usually are . Perhaps channel owners kept the festivities subdued due to the ongoing holy month of Ramazan and , as a result , the lack of patriotic music was deeply felt . Here is a list of songs that have been forgotten over time -- songs whose melodies and lyrics are sure to give you goose bumps whenever they are play..

..th repetitive images or too many of them . Change it around a little ; show different types of photographs .  TIP ! A protective case for your camera and accessories is a must-have . Most of the time , the reason why photography accessories break is due to the owner 's negligence .  Experiment with your flash until you have a good feel for its range . If you do n't know what the range is , your images could still be dark if they were too far away . Use your flash and get to know it before you begin ta..

..Such are purely human attempts to reconcile deep conflicts of conscience , resulting from non-reliance from Allah in the form of revelation , confirming the first revelation ( i.e. : not bringing a new Law , but fortifying the first one ) has ceased due to the self-imposed restrictions as discussed earlier . Interestingly , in an attempt to answer the question as to who shall decide upon the differences and who should be regarded as the true representatives of Allah , some crusaders adopt a hard-line ..

.. . The US has told Pakistan that clamping down on the group " is job one , that we want to do it together , and that 's the conversation    Vice Admiral Abbas Raza likely to be Next Pakistan Naval Chief  With Pakistan Navy chief Admiral Noman Bashir due to retire next month , President Asif Ali Zardari is set to announce his successor and indications are that the Defence Ministry is in favour of Vice Admiral Abbas Raza , currently No 3 in seniority .  Noman , who is the brother of Pakistan Foreign Sec..

..decision has been taken after negotiations between the MWM leaders and the administration .  The MWM will decide on future course of action during the sit-in .  7:03pm :  According to Express News , one protester was killed while several got injured due to aerial-firing by police .  6:57pm :  MWM leaders have asked the protesters to stay non-violent and move back . Most of the protesters have moved back .  Few protesters are still present outside the consulate and protesting against the anti-Islam fil..

..patriated by the end of this year , leaving around 9,000 . Hammond said he expected thousands of those remaining to go home in 2013 , but not the majority , indicating a maximum withdrawal of around 4,500 personnel . All British combat personnel are due to be withdrawn by the end of 2014 .  " I would expect it will be significant , which means thousands , not hundreds , but I would not expect it to be the majority , " Hammond told the BBC , after being asked about troop withdrawals next year .  At lea..

..ow ) also include the forest fires breaking out around the world during these 112 years under review , though they do not include the various earthquake-triggered blazes , uranium and pesticide plant fires recorded during this last one century or so due to the varying reports/claims of the deaths resulting from these incidents .  Similarly , a few deadly coalmine fires have also been excluded for the reason just mentioned above.However , major fires erupting in ships have been included in the followin..

..Pakistan Chand Tarikhi Isharay by Doctor Anwar Rooman ) He was one of the most junior in age generals of the world who proved himself as a skilled warrior , competent administrator , just ruler , and a reformer . He was adored by the people of Sindh due to his personality traits . They made his statues as the emancipator from the cruelty of Raja Dahar and started idolizing him in their temples after his departure . ( Some chroniclers do not accept that there was any tyranny or oppression in the societ..

..ients .  TREATMENT  Because sciatica is a set of symptoms of another medical condition , the underlying cause should be identified and treated . In some cases , no treatment is required and recovery occurs on its own .  When the cause of sciatica is due to a prolapsed or lumbar disc herniation 90% of disc prolapses resolve with no interference .  Although medications are commonly prescribed for the treatment of sciatica , there is no good evidence from clinical trials to guide the use of analgesics to..

..ter systems , a lot of high-tech toys are positive to be unwrapped this December .  And though many professionals warn against giving a youngster their personal pc , times have altered . A teenager having their own Pc is an unavoidable reality now , due to the amount of school operate requiring a computer and increased pressure from peers to be socially active on-line .  What parents tend to forget is that these higher tech toys are truly for adults , explains Manuel Coats , co-founder of Pandora Corp..

.. Arun Nalawade , Kiran Karmarkar , Additi Gupta , Dheeraj Dhoopar and Ali Asgar as part of the cast , has failed to grip the audience with their innovative storyline .  It seems that the show has failed to strike a chord with the television audience due to which the channel has to axe the show at an early stage . Surprisingly , this is even before the show could see a few twists and turns in the love story . The channel would bid adieu to the show by the 31st of March .  A source states , " The shoot ..

..e dispute has affected the relationship between the two countries through history  By Sher Ali  Today , over a hundred and forty of the world 's countries depend on shared water systems for some portion of their freshwater needs . Logically enough , due to the limitations of fresh water resources in the world , the potential of international conflict is also always there . The present level of awareness about the Indus Waters Treaty 1960 shows that in spite of the fear of conflict , for Pakistan and I..

..e fasting on the day of Eid which is in complete contradiction with the Hadeeth 7 . It is understood from many books of Fiqh that any form of Ibaadah is not acceptable before the due time , but is accepted if it is performed later than schedule time due to any valid excuse and the responsibility of fulfilling that ibaadah is discharged . For example praying Zuhr Salaah 2 minutes before Zawal will not be accepted under any circumstances at all . But if it was prayed late close to Asar time , it would b..

..of Sabiha , who is more of an art house director . Do n't get me wrong , she has talent , which has been proven ; however , she sticks to dark stories that are good for a few hours , but when you have to bear them on weekly basis , you lose interest due to no value .  However , I 'd say Mi Raqsam still could 've been an engrossing fair , had the writer not made some explicit mistakes . Let 's point out the positives first ,  - The whole misunderstanding track is such conveniently handled , it is great..

..he prolapse can vary . As a rule , the larger the prolapse , the more severe the symptoms are likely to be .  Who gets a prolapsed disc ?  Bouts of back pain are very common . However , less than 1 in 20 cases of acute ( sudden onset ) back pain are due to a prolapsed disc . ( Most cases on back pain are classed as ' simple low back pain ' . This is thought to be caused by a minor problem to a muscle , ligament , or other structure in the back . For example , a strained muscle . See separate leaflet c..

..hich is surrounding our earth . As it hasn ? t such atmosphere , the surface of such planet is not protected against the shooting stars hitting its surface or the sun ? s harmful radiation . So , the surface of such planet is covered with deep holes due to the impact of such bodies on its surface , and such surface will not be allowing any possible motion or human ? s life there . The structure of Mercury have affected its spinning or its day-duration . So , one day on this planet is equivalent to 88 ..

..r , for all the oily skin people we are discussing some of the prominent guidelines for saving their skin from getting oily during the winter time spell .  Oily Skin Care In Winter  Water is an extremely essential ingredient for the skin . Sometimes due to excessive cold the skin cells gets dry and starts feeling thirsty and the skin will only look fresh when the skin cells gets excessive water supply . Try to drink maximum 8-9 glasses of water daily and keep the skin well hydrated .  Secondly , make ..

..staurants ?  there are no muslim countries but they are muslim majority nations . I think they are more important issues to be solved in restaurants than eating on tables such as TVs and Music playing . Workers missing Asar , Maghrib and Isha salats due to peak times  Re : Why in Muslim countries do you not eat on the floor in restaurants ?  I heard in a lecture , that Mufti Taqi Usmani mentiones that although it is sunnah to sit and eat it is permissible to eat on a table . He mentiones an incident o..

..idates . The candidates coming from within Karachi may report directly to ISSB Malir Cantt .  Normally , candidates who fail to report before 3 PM on the specified date are not allowed to join the tests . However , those reporting an hour or so late due to circumstances beyond their control may be accepted . Such candidates will reach ISSB under their own arrangements .  If you report late and are not allowed to appear before the Board , then the Board is not bound to test you on a subsequent date . L..

..tworks ( much better than many EU countries ) and unlike Pakistan which despite its natural wealth has failed to get anywhere in the last 64 years . Before you jump to mock them you need to realise we are in alot worse state and reputation than them due to our own and our leaders fault . Recommend  Adam the only reason why Pakistani reputation is suffering is because the liberals of this country have digressed its direction from its rightful place as a leader of Muslim nations like we were in the 60 ?..

..enerated by recombination events between the vector , one of the packaging constructs , and endogenous retroviral sequences .  Lavu S , Reddy EP : Structural organization and nucleotide sequence of mouse c-myb oncogene : activation in ABPL tumors is due to viral integration in an intron which results in the deletion of the 5 ' coding sequences .  DesGroseillers L , Villemur R , Jolicoeur P : The high leukemogenic potential of Gross passage A murine leukemia virus maps in the region of the genome corre..

.. to your ' 2 . Citizens concerning What cameras and lenses descent are often called schokohrrutige fred perry sale , even when an individual 's skin tone is merely dark-colored light brown . His or her 's firstly homogeneous became a black green hat due to discolored pants still soon there after they in progress travelling , an even more consistent schokofarbene top-quality and therefore starting is settled upon . Their own prosperous tell of elongates again different years and years ; all the Most Gr..

..nd stated his party would end Pakistan 's " biggest problem " while also bringing back foreign assets lying in Swiss banks .  The party would wipe out all ' Patwaris ' through computerised systems . Khan said that people in villages live like slaves due to corrupt Patwaris and police .  The PTI would devise a new local government system which would enhance education and health in villages .  He said the PTI would also ensure rights for Balochistan and end to target killings . Khan said his party would..

..sphemy law and even a law making it a crime punishable by death to bed the wife of the heir to the throne to maintain the purity of the royal bloodline . That people in rich countries do n't often let clerics determine their temporal affairs is more due to high levels of education , what Muslims need most : not wealth alone but contemporary education both of the temporal and spiritual kind . Only then will they be able to think for    The Sovereign of all the universes and everything in them is their ..

..ould see them return . It appears Imran Nazir , Mohammad Sami and Abdul Razzaq 's places will also be debated by Qasim 's panel .  Qasim also hinted that Mohammad Yousuf , the veteran batsman of 90 Tests who has n't played any cricket in over a year due to personal reasons , could be in contention for Pakistan 's tour of South Africa early next year . " We obviously need experienced batsmen for the difficult South Africa tour , and we intend to use Yousuf 's services if he steps up and shows us he 's ..

..d glacial melts , which results in some seriously hair-raising moments but also some of the most incredible photographic opportunities the subcontinent can offer .  When : only open during the summer , approximately from June to mid-October .  How : due to snow cover , the highway is only traversable for roughly four months of the year . The cheapest way to travel along the route is by bus , with both public and private transport operators running regular transport along the route during this time . T..

..as also seen poor performance as it has lost 11 points from last year , by being ranked at 107 in the current year .  Although Pakistan ranked 41 in 2011 on the Tax Collection Efficiency index , however the economy has lost its competitive advantage due to decline in 2012 by ranking to 59 , limitations on the ease of access to loans and venture capital availability , where Pakistan stands at 65 and 55 respectively .  The labor market efficiency pillar shows a decline in the cooperation between labor a..

..les came from a 22% month-on-month growth in Corolla sales to 2,155    Carpet industry in decline  LAHORE : Pakistani participation in Domotex -- one of the world 's leading carpet exhibitions held annually in Hannover , Germany , has been declining due to the discouraging attitude of the Trade Development Authority of Pakistan ( TDAP ) , sources report . According to a member of the carpet industry , the TDAP has neglected the carpet industry , causing significant decline in the participation of Paki..

..is government 's orders , 5 % of all new posts in the higher civil civil service were to be filled by army officers who , consequently , occupied important civilian positions . Successive democratically elected governments did not rescind this order due to the power wielded by Pakistan Army . Under Pakistan 's current military government , militarizing the bureaucracy is again pursued .  Zia 's rule witnessed heightened tensions with neighbouring states . He was instrumental in providing military assi..

..k City . ( AFP Photo / Spencer Platt ) The storm has heavily affected many parts of New York City , with power outages and several feet of water hitting large areas of Manhattan and Brooklyn . The Statue of Liberty 's torch has gone out , apparently due to extreme weather conditions . Mayor Michael Bloomberg warned that conditions are expected to worsen , urging New Yorkers to stay inside . " Conditions outside are dangerous , and they are only going to get worse in the hours ahead , " he told a press..

..people lying around . " But then locals came and took us in their own vehicles to hospitals , " he said .  Qadir was still unsure about his uncle 's state . " My cousin only said he was critically injured , " said Qadir , not able to move on his bed due to his head injury . But his 22-year-old uncle , Muhammad Bilal , was among those killed by the blast targeting the Pakistan Air Force .  " I left my school in second grade because teachers would not attend classes and I thought I was not learning anyt..

... This will ensure that you have mixed the shade of your liking . If you choose to use wallpaper as opposed to paint , there are many pleasing designs consisting of various styles .  Painting Kitchen Walls  If you choose to change your kitchen tiles due to wear and tear or you simply want tiles to match the color of your new wall , a community textile store would be the place to visit . Here , you can purchase individual tiles or tiles in bulk . Styles range from ceramic tiles to vinyl tiles and many ..

..on forced leave . According to media reports this is happening mostly in Punjab , where the Shahbaz Sharif Government wants to educate every child . This does not happen in civilised societies .  In government run hospitals medicine is not available due to budgetary constraints , emergencies are closed on flimsy grounds threatening lives of suffering patients ; doctors , our messiahs , are on strike for the last 32 days in Quetta . Private schools and hospitals are fleecing the public without any chec..

.. or sugarcane .  Rule : If a small amount of a clean item is added to water , such as a rose , jasmine , saffron , soil or sand then it is allowed to use the water to have a bath .  Rule : If such colour or saffron is added to water so much that the due to the colour the clothes would change to that colour , then it is not allowed to perform ablution or have a bath with this water .  Rule : If milk is added to water and the colour of the water changes to the colour of the milk , then it is not allowed..

..Jafer al-Sadiq citing the Commander of the Faithful Imam Ali ibn Abu Talib delivering a sermon once in order to solicit people 's support in his second war against Muawiyah ibn Abu Sufyan . In it , the Commander of the Faithful says ,  All praise is due to Allah , the One and Only God Who is sought by all , the Unique One Who is neither created out of anything pre-existing , nor has He created anything out of something . Through His Might does He manifest Himself , and it is through His Might that any..

.. chieftains of the Quraish , this was no less than a cup of death .  Many people of influence and wealth existed among the Quraish . Despite the fact that the Holy Prophet ( saw ) belonged to a noble dynasty , he possessed neither . In other words , due to his reclusive disposition , he was not among the chieftains of the Quraish , nor was he distinct in terms of his money and wealth . In this case , to act in obedience to the Holy Prophet ( saw ) , for the leaders of the Quraish , was a sacrifice of ..

..nitely , and they 're going to uncover your site content say you decided to get a great number of interest costs . Have a complimentary temporary credit report as being a benefits to sign-up with your magazine . The particular track record is always due to your site perhaps a designated writer , nevertheless it really may very well catch the attention of prospective people to join to experience e-mails your stuff . Be sure that the review is related to a subject that would be extremely you 're arena ...

..-Dawlah Mir Farkhunda Ali Khan Siddiqi , Nizam of Hyderabad . In 1853 when General Fraser left Hyderabad and in his place General C.B. Low took over as the Resident , he received a message from Lord Dalhousie to pay sixty-four lakh rupees which were due to the British for maintaining the Contingent . On 20 May 1853 a new treaty was concluded by which the strength of the Contingent force was settled for its payments . The Contingent ceased to be a part of the Nizam 's Army and became a force kept by th..

..rriage . I used to live with my 4 brothers and dad . my dad also passed away 3 months after my marriage .  as being the only sister i am very attached to my brothers . After my dad passed away we had to sell our house and had some financial problems due to which my brothers started staying with me and my husband . ( my husband 's family except his father live in Pakistan and his father with us . )  My problem is its almost 2 years since we are living together but recently there have been small issues ..

.. wasted my time watching it .  Mohabbat Jaye Bhar Mai is such a cheap drama saw a few episodes of it yesterday &; I really ca n't understand the motive behind it ? What are the trying to promote ? Ca n't really get it ?  I started watching this play due to Sarwat Gillani , and I did like her character almost till the end . Then I was interested in the Deaf person 's experience as I was taking a course related to Deaf Studies at that time , so I considered it an interesting coincidence when this drama ..

..tensified the feelings towards a homeland . As with the Ismailis , not all communities have a homeland of which to speak .  Diasporic communities often look to the homeland as sites of authenticity and tradition ( Brah 1996 : 190 ) , which is likely due to a combination of a homeward orientation and a response to marginalization in the new place . While it is simplistic to set up " here " and " there " as distinct , the concept of diaspora often emphasizes homeland because of the significance given to..

.. , and police abuses and harsh prison conditions were also deemed to be significant problems , according to the report .  Fundamental rights were a concern in Malaysia , the Philippines and Singapore , while Thailand lagged in terms of civil justice due to delays in processing cases and difficulties in enforcing court rulings .  Elsewhere , South Asia as a region came out as " the weakest performer overall in most dimensions of the rule of law , " despite efforts in many countries to beef up governanc..

..self ? a sudden transition , or in the words of the prophets themselves , they have been endowed with a Divine gift . He knows well that this transition has come from Allah and that all the extra-ordinary excellence found in him and his teachings is due to this transition or Divine gift .  If you study carefully from the authentic sources the life ? history of the Prophet of Islam , from his birth to his prophethood and from that time to his death , you will find a clear example of this transition , w..

..irit , which is particular to each body , returns to the Celestial Sphere , whereas the Terrestrial Spirits are reallocated from one body to another for a long time it continues to reallocate in other bodies . In families the effect of the nature is due to these souls where as the family disease is related to the blood .  Terrestrial Spirits of ordinary people continues to reallocate from one body to another . The souls of pious people keep entering in the bodies of pious people .  The Terrestrial Sou..

.. - The certainty whether a ruling of a marja ' is correct or not can only be correctly assessed by the one who knows the answer , i.e. Imam Mahdi - Practically , the reliance to ahlul kibra to find the most knowledgeable marja ' is also not feasible due to a layman must be correctly assessed whether a particular group is an ahlul kibra or not while he may not have the capability to do so and even among the ahlul kibra themselves , there are differences of opinions on who the most knowledgeable is .  P..

..stand Urdu , , , ,  Dear i am not sure if you have seen emerging economies in the world , what is there countries official languages.all bric countries use their national language with pride and we as a nation is getting divided into different parts due to educational systems.also at the moment the most successful scandinavian countiers do nt speak or use english language as offical or in the lower or higher education system , still they are most successful and high above in technology development.sam..

..rstand the message our Lord and Creator has sent for our guidance . May Allah make us of those who appreciate His Bounty and Blessing upon us . May Allah make us of those who read and understand His Message -- The Holy Quran , so and benefit is only due to Allah 's Assistance and   Blessings be upon all of you )  One of our brothers/sisters has asked this question :  assalamualikum ..  I would like to knw if all muslims will go to paradise ? If a muslim he believes in Allah but he haas done somany bad..

.. Ullah MINGORA : A student of 10th class ended his life after jumping from a butte in Malam Jabba area of Charbagh tehsil on Wednesday , said police sources . A young man identified as Suleman Shah S/o Shenshah jumped down from a hill in Malam Jabba due to unknown reasons . As a result he died on the spot . Police registered a case and started investigations . ...  Jamal Qamar BANNU : Chairman BISE Bannu Prof Riaz Ullah said on Wednesday that education was the only way to defeat the ongoing terrorism ..

..nation and Estimation of Cations  M MAHMOOD , Z H SHAH , G H KAZI , N A NAQVI  Abstract  **27;142;TOOLONG ( I ) has been reported to react with large number of metal ions and has been used in estimations as metal indicator of precipitant . However , due to its non-selective nature and various colour reactions over a wide range of pH , the use of ( I ) in analytical sepa-ration has not been investigated in past . The work reported here has been carried out to explore the possibility of use of ( I ) in ..

..d ibn al-Mubarak in Khurasan . All of these men of great knowledge , were contemporary and of one category . Most of them were the students of Hadrat Abu Bakr ibn Hazm and Imam ibn Shihab al-Zuhri .  Afterwards , the Ahadith were spread far and wide due to the compilation and writing of books on Ahadith ; laying down the foundation principles for accepting or rejecting a report ; collecting background information of the narrators and their beliefs ; writing books on the etiquettes and manners essentia..

..em . He had the most beautiful perfume smell coming from him . He told me the answer to the questions of the Angels which I then said straight away . I said ? Allah have mercy on you , who are you ? ? he replied ? I am a person that has been created due to the increased Durood you sent on the Prophet . I have been ordered to help you in every trouble/grief. ? ( As above )  Hazrat Sufyan bin Uyaiyna narrates from Hazrat Khalaf ? I had a friend who used to study Hadeeth with me , he passed away . I saw ..

..d adjoining areas but could not find CNG . " I do n't know why there is no gas on Sunday , it 's not an off day , " he said .  The owner of one pump not providing gas said that the station was closed because their association has called for a strike due to the " indiscriminate price " fixed by the Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority ( Ogra ) .  However , the widespread closures were apparently not part of a coordinated decision .  " We have not called for any strike . It is the decision of individual sta..

..nding month of the last fiscal year .  According to official figures released by Pakistan Bureau of Statistics ( PBS ) on Friday , the exports were slightly up i.e. 0.82 percent when compared with $1.08 billion in the last month .  Experts said that due to recession in international markets the demand for Pakistan textile has reduced .  Prices of Pakistan-made textile commodities had decreased in the international market , which is also one of the reasons for reduction in exports , said an expert .  T..

..so , or if it felt compelled not to attack because of the red light for the operation from Washington . In an interview with Britain 's Daily Telegraph at the end of October , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak said that the delay of the strike was due to Iran diverting uranium from its military to civilian programs . Yet , based on private conversations , one can not preclude the possibility that Defense Minister Barak withdrew his support because he feared it would be viewed as interfering with the..

..riffin III Jersey Information is a a study or perhaps specifics of a specific celebration that took place and may worry a substantial amount of people Ableism is present each because those intentionally look to injure those who have a disability and due to pervasive unawarenesslow cost football tops these kinds of bloodlines provided peterson almost everything he required in buy to get a quickly begin in existenceBaseball is the nationwide interest regarding Americans , and is also popular among both ..

..friends of mine when turned their status from ' single ' to ' committed ' also turned their lives and personality upside down which was really saddening for the rest of the friends . It is quite understandable that you go through some normal changes due to the massive effect of the company =p , but here I am referring to a total topsy turvy effect . A girl who used to be all tomboyish and sporty suddenly changes into a girlie , delicate person ; just because this was how her boyfriend imagined his ' d..

..r reason . The combining of many reasons at one time has also been mentioned by Sayyiditina ' Aayeshah Radiyallahu ' Anha , that the Practice of Sayyidina Rasulullah Sallallahu ' Alayhi Wasallam was to fast for three days in every month . At times , due to unforeseen circumstances these were not observed . The total qadaa ( of missed fasts ) were combined and kept in Sha'baan by Sayyidina Rasulullah Sallallahu ' Alayhi Wasallam . In another narration it is mentioned that it was the practice of Sayyidi..

..ght . One women had given a detailed account to a reputed newspaper about how she had to leave her mother-in-law back at the house , when it was being attacked by the other community . The woman said that her mother-in-law had put on a lot of weight due to an illness , and they could n't carry her when the rest of them ran away from their homes . And , when they all returned after a couple of days , the old lady had stab wounds on her neck and back and the house was burnt down .  This is also a classi..

..give us proper reporting . That really disconnected G-B from the rest of Pakistan .  KN : What do you want the government to do ?  BJH : It is very simple . The government should give the people what they deserve . Reimburse the losses they incurred due to the failure of the Government 's negligent behavior . Even though some destruction had been predicted and the people were warned months prior to the land slides , the state did not take any precautionary measure .  Shahra-e-Karakoram , the road that..

..ou 're looking for something new to read in your favorite genre , indie authors might have just what you 're looking for -- from simple pleasure reading to highly specific research materials . But some people are hesitant to give indie authors a try due to a negative image they have of self-published writers . Let 's look at one of the biggest misconceptions people have about indie authors , why you might be interested in them , and how you can find good indie authors when you 're looking for a new bo..

..man suffering and finally more difficult treatment and increase in expenses . The sequclae of late treatment may handicap the patients and subsequently decrease the productivity . The delay in diagnosis and timely treatment of TB patients can result due to patients ' or health care provider , or both . Patients ' delay is the interval between the onset of symptom(s) and the first visit to some health care provider . Health care providers ' delay is the interval between the visit to the health care pro..

..pth , " Redding of people who are sitting in this room , I hope . "  Referring to games based on the newer model as aaa titles , the Splinter Cell : Blacklist director said that the development of such games and shift in priorities will be triggered due to the role of procedurally literate players , while also mentioning digital distribution and a rise in the cost of production as integral factors .  According to Redding , the aaa titles will be much more open-ended than the existing games , giving pl..

..cult situation .  We , through ages , have believed in various creatures as saviour -- from old stone age to contemporary time -- people of different faiths and schools of thought have worshipped trees , fire , water , the moon , the sun , idols etc due to the fact that we have not used our mental and physical strength appropriately . Depending on others , thought to be more powerful and intelligent , has boosted our moral and courage and as Dale Carnegie said in one of his books that human beings are..

..ts of the colonial rule . These small doors are clear signs of our slavery ? .  The Kotwali in District Rail Bazaar and the Civil Lines Police station both have old buildings . The police stations have to deal with a large number of people and cases due to their location in major markets . Most of the traders who visit the police stations that have big entry gates , which are close , have to use the small doors for entering the stations . ? Who is to blame for this ? The government is still mulling ov..

..d over them and their hearts grew hard ? For many among them are rebellious transgressors . ( The Holy Quran , Al-Hadid , 57:16 )  We beseach Allah ( SWT ) to guide all sincere individuals to the right path and    Beware of Pretenders  All Praise is due to Allah ( SWT ) , the Lord of the universe , Who commissioned Prophet Muhammad ( SAW ) as a great reformer for the wellbeing of the worlds . The believers , who are knowledgeable of the authentic teachings of Islam and conduct their lives accordingly ..

..1 . Please explain the rule pertaining to making the sacrifice at the new sacrificial grounds ?  A . To offer the sacrifice in the new sacrificial grounds is valid and permissible .  Q322 . If one delays performing the sacrifice beyond the Day of Id due to incapacity , should he also put off doing halq or taqsir ( shaving of head or cutting the hair ) ?  A . Yes . As a matter of caution he should delay it until the sacrifice is offered .  Q323 . Is it permissible to perform the halq at night ? What is..

..rovince has once again received heavy snowfall , resulting in blockade of the main access route near Ziarat and Dir . PIA flights have also been out of operations for the last 9 days .  Besides , the main road of Sub Division Mastuj has been blocked due to land sliding and avalanche at various places . The Garam -- Chashma road is also reportedly blocked for the last 3 weeks . Blockade of the roads has laid to shortage of edible items , like fresh vegetables and poultry products , in different parts o..

.. Clinton , that the movie is part of the freedom of speech . But when I question holocaust , when I express my ideas , my thoughts , then suddenly it becomes a matter of national interest .  Today there is huge unrest in all major parts of the world due to this incident , it is the intent of the writer that instead of burning building , roads and flags , all Muslims should rather unite and stand up for the movement of the petition that Islamic beliefs and the personnel affiliated to it are no joke . A..

..e H2/O2 gas to see the same effect . That brings our H2/O2 requirement to 12.0 lpm .  Actually , at this stage we must also take into consideration that the engine in the paper was as diesel which uses significantly less fuel to create the same HP ( due to the higher compression ratios and naturally more efficient cycle ) -- that 's why diesel vehicles get better MPGs than gasoline-powered ones . So we 'll allow a very conservative additional 20% to account for the greater mass of gasoline required to..

..:  As-Salamu alaykum . If a husband and wife fight each other and after that they do not talk for 3 to 4 years , does this affect their nikah ( marriage ) ?  Answer : As-Salamu wa Rahmatullahi wa Barakatuh .  In the Name of All praise and thanks are due to Allah , and peace and blessings be upon His Messenger .  Dear sister in Islam , thank you for your question , which shows how concerned you are to abide by the Shariah in all details of your life . May Allah help us all lead a righteous life based o..

..at they shared and did together . In fact , because of so much love that Diana had for her , she considered and treated Mother Teresa as her mother . Who would have imagined that after Diana 's death , in just a week , Mother Teresa also passed away due to natural death ? They even extended admiration to each other wherein Mother Teresa exclaimed that Diana was her daughter , while Diana reciprocated that love by humbly saying that she was a very , very small Mother Teresa .  5 . Four of Her Ancestors..

..eath experience was one of tremendous upheaval in the world as a result of our general ignorance of " true " reality . I was informed that humanity was breaking the laws of the universe , and as a result of this would suffer . This suffering was not due to the vengeance of an indignant God , but rather like the pain one might suffer as a result of arrogantly defying the law of gravity . It was to be an inevitable educational cleansing of the earth that would creep up upon its inhabitants , who would t..

..ou , " this is not a Hadith ; it is baseless and it was not narrated either by a strong nor Daif ( weak ) Sanad ( chain of narrators ) . The Ever-Glorious Qur'an is full of sufficient evidence and so are the Hadiths which I mentioned . All praise is due to Allah . With regard to the Saying of Allah ( Exalted be He ) , And let those who find not the financial means for marriage keep themselves chaste , until Allh enriches them of His Bounty . this is an order from Allah ( Exalted be He ) to the one who..

... Jacques Faul , CSA 's acting chief executive , said the change would give South Africa 's players an opportunity for rest after the Champions Trophy , which takes place in England next June .  Sri Lanka Cricket had asked for the three home Tests , due to have been played at some point in July and August 2013 , to be moved in order to accommodate a one-day tri-series featuring West Indies and India . The rearrangement also averts South Africa 's visit from clashing with the Sri Lanka Premier League ,..

..oar again . is offensive to any race , religion , ethnicity , gender or nationality is not permitted .  COMMENTS  Eagerly waiting for the book containing his writings . We the younger generation of this country have missed much of our recent history due to lack of documentation and declining reading habits . This book will give us a peak into what was happening in Pakistan during his times . Good luck to Tayaba Habib .  Thank you Adresher Fakir Cowasjee for providing us the asurance that there are som..

..and rage has reached such a point that you are bent on dilapidating Medinah .  You should know that far from your empty hopes being realised , time has now come when Lat and Uzza , Manat and Naela are shattered to pieces .  Note : When the Muslims , due to the unbearable oppression , migrated to Medinah , the Quraish started preparation to invade the City , so that the Muslims should not stay in peace . In the 2nd Hijri they invaded with one thousand strong army , whereas the Muslims numbered only 313..

.. with their lives . United States been carrying operations in Afghanistan when they can not control the entire Afghanistan they start blaming Pakistan and Attacking FATA . The outcome of it is , Pakistani people die , more than 37,000 lives are lost due to this War on Terror this is official figure , where as I doubt unofficial must be double of it , killing innocent in the name of War on Terror Anti-Jihad Movement to restore peace how many more ?  Here 's the Official figures : -  Total reported kill..

..I do n't yet have enough of a picture to know whether it was endemic .  " The key question for me is what was the extent of it and the only possible way to go about answering that question is to look as deeply and broadly    Birth complications rise due to heart problems  USA : Severe complications from childbirth , including heart attacks and strokes , have been rising in the United States , although they still remain rare overall , according to a US government study .  In 2008-2009 , there were 129 ..

..s to restrict its use in certain places and organizing campaigns to increase the awareness of all the hazards associated with it such as cancer , heart diseases and even death .  According to World health organization , 1 in 10 adults dies every day due to smoking related illness and in Pakistan 276 people die of smoking every day according to a report by Tobacco Control Cell in Pakistan . Despite all of the scientific evidence of tobacco 's health dangers , and in the face of millions of dollars wort..

.. desiring candy .. Strategies involving freelancing quite a few bulk of do the job to be able to additional suppliers are produced when monitoring work developments together with statistics .. Undesirable child birth are the type , that come to pass due to the negelect north face sale , purity , breakdown with the birth control pill solutions or even any ignorance . Sao pessoasque nao search engine importam muito net when instituioes na qual estao investindo i seu investment capital , nao seimportam n..

..nly famous around the globe just because of football craze in every part of the globe , but additionally because of their weird designs as well , Minnesota Vikings Jerseys Sale Cheap . The creators of the NFL jerseys in big amounts are quite several due to this emergent market that has been witnessed . The truth of the matter is however the football fans wish to be wearing the NFL jerseys that are of a superior quality and also very reasonable for them . Today , getting the cheap NFL jerseys should no..

.. liberty to get someone fired from their job ? Why did you leave praying to the last minute if it is SO important ? ( This is an assumption based on the fact that this lady needed to pray at Espresso and could not have gone home or elsewhere to pray due to the time limitation )  Grow up . To the people supporting this woman -- use your mind , think from another persons perspective and stop being so immature . Not everyone is trying to attack you for being a Muslim . The world does not revolve around y..

.. that one should not blame and censure one another without any reason by equating all un-islamic customs with Islam . On the one hand , a situation should not develop where the guardians of the widow or the heirs of the deceased husband are censured due to the implication that they got tired of the wife ( thus letting her leave ) much before she could fully mourn the loss of her husband . On the other hand , circumstances should not deteriorate to where the widow herself is censured simply because she..

..ecede .  Freshwater availability is also projected to decrease which will lead to biodiversity loss and reduce availability of freshwater for the population .  Coastal areas bordering the Arabian Sea in the south of Pakistan will be at greatest risk due to increased flooding from the sea and in some cases , the rivers .  Being a predominantly agriculture economy , climate change is estimated to decrease crop yields in Pakistan which in turn will affect livelihoods and food production . Combining the d..

..y , bureaucratic and political leaders , however , remain valid .  exactly , we can field substantial no of arjun on western border , and develop a lighter variant for north and eastern border and till then we can have t90s ! ARJUNs all problems are due to corrupt politicians and arms lobby !  Pak generals know well that the IA is unfit to take the field against it  Four years ago , after the 26/11 Mumbai attack , the three service chiefs dashed off letters to the defence ministry listing out the equi..

..ced 25,000 barrels of oil between 1885 and 1892 . The Government of Indio-Pak controlled the drilling activities during this early phase . Up to 1883 , a number of shallow wells were drilled by the Government agencies , all near seepages . However , due to rapid decline in production the Government agencies subsequent lost their interest in oil exploration . The problems with drilling in areas of oil seepage were the low rate of oil production and short life . With the advancement of knowledge about o..

..in my assumption is to urinate , gargle nose and water all over body despite continously releasing gas wont affect me and i will be out of janabt once i finish my ghusl ?  another question is if i amk snuffing water up my nose and my nose is blocked due to a cold is my ghusl still valid , even if a nostril is opened and the other is blocked ?  the only reason i ask this is ghusl is now a totally differnet ball game to me. it is not as strict as i have been following it , hence what i have written when..

..lained here :  Al-'Akhirah : The next ( world ) , the ( life ) hereafter . Its opppsites are al-'ula ( the first world ) and ad-dunya ( the nearer world ) , both of which refer to this world in which we presently live . Allah says :  ? All praise is due to Him in the first ( life ) and the hereafter , and His is the Judgement , and to Him you shall be brought back. ? ( Qur'an 28:70 ) .  Qiyamah : Resurrection . ' Yaumul-Qiyamah : The Day of Resurrection .  ? So Allah shall Judge between you on the Day..

..you I love you I love you and I miss you , " starts one letter .  " I pray that you will never suffer . I always want to see you happy . I pray that if you ever have any trouble , it will come to me . "  When a mother and her two children are killed due to family honor , where is the outrage by decent people in Pakistan . They can kill innocent people without remorse and the larger society looks the other way . But at the slightest provocation against the religion , masses come out and    In the shado..

..velopment as the path they undertook to achieve progress . Like China , India has been analysed by economists , geopolitical experts , intelligence agencies and futurologists . India today is recognised as a BRIC nation , a nation rapidly developing due to embracing global Capitalism . It has become difficult to not notice India whether this is its successful unmanned lunar mission , the creation of the world 's cheapest car -- the Tata Nano , or the acquisition of Jaguar Land Rover by the same compan..

.. of Punjabi language rising .  The film industry suffered badly during the rule of the military dictator Gen. Zia , who forced women to cover their heads even on government controlled Pakistan TV . The number of films produced per year also declined due to several other factors including the wide spread use of VCR and DVD players since even most patriotic Pakistanis like to watch Indian movies over their own . Today , Lollywood has totally collapsed and once busy film producing studios have been turne..

..rified Progeny ( ? a ) .  Notes :  15 . This statement , despite its brevity , reveals the secret of the truth about the impact of some righteous servants of Allah on certain matters and with the permission of Allah Almighty . This can not be denied due to its quite frequent occurrence and to the transmitted incidents in the past and in the present in its regard . If a servant of Allah is loved by his Master , all the affairs of such a servant will be dear to Him , including his wishes and pleas . All..

.. these activities and all the military operations done in this war against humanity which is leading our country to disaster .  Our people and specially our government and military should realize that our nation has gone into a self destructive mode due to some selfish decisions by Zionist pets in our ranks .  We need to come out of this self destructive mode and war against humanity because it is destroying our nation , country    " O ye who believe ! Be steadfast witnesses for Allah in equity , and ..

..ixed myths . Today , achievement of sustained and equitable development remains the greatest challenge facing the human race . Despite good progress over the past generation , more than 1 billion people still live in acute poverty and suffer grossly due to inadequate access to resources like education , health services , infrastructure , land and credit-required to give them a chance of a better life . The essential task of governments today is to provide opportunities so that these people and hundred..

..r 150 lbs making it the eigth heaviest turtle in the world . It is mostly found in Gulg Of Mexico , Caribbean and United State 's coastal areas . Spongers are the principal diet of Hawkbill turtles . They are also under a severe threat of extinction due to several human as well as ecological activities .  Kemps Ridley turtle is the ninth heaviest and one of the most endangered turtle species in the world . The big threat to the kempi today is no longer the coyotes or egg hunters that brought about the..

.. heart I m sure you love all Muslims beyond boundaries . The concept of a Nation is a delusion brother .  mh16388  18-09-2011 , 03:28 PM  Perhaps the concept of Pakistan is(was) for practicing Islam . But whatever good thats happening in Pakistan is due to Islam . Nothing to do with the concept of Pakistan .  correct !  Taliban1  18-09-2011 , 03:30 PM  Hazrat it would b good if u spend this energy in some other islamic activity instead of degrading Pakistan . If u think that posting like this will deg..

..Kufr by ijma ' . As for it being man-made , then the Qur'an too with it 's different Qira'at were collected in mus'haf ( book ) by human beings , similar to how Hadith was recorded . And these readings are considered to be 100% authentic and correct due to their mutawatir transmission , while the shadhdh readings etc are not . What is your criteria as to which readings of the Qur'an you accept , and how does this relate to the Hadith-science ? Do you accept the Mutawatur ahadith ? Questions for you to..

..ry infinite love and affection compels Him to keep them immune from whatever constitutes as bad and evil , even though in their own imaginations they regard it as something good and a blessing . The non-acceptance of their supplications and wants is due to divine expediency beyond our comprehension like the expediency of getting a child killed through Prophet Khidr a - the killing which apparently from the point of view of the parents was evil and bad , but in reality was blessing and goodness for the..

..my blog . I have been quite busy with a lot of stuff recently . I am back in London after a gap of 7 months . I arrived here 2 weeks back in a doped up state . My family was struck by tragedy as my khala passed away ...  Tweet I am down in the dumps due to some problems I have been facing . I cant discuss these problems because people who read my blog can use this as a weapon against me . In a way I am effectively providing them with bullets which can be used to shoot me down . However I do nt ...  Tw..

