.. perhaps ; but definitely not the Dominion ) that has come about to attack this region and over the course of perhaps a few seasons of web episodes we discover is preparing to position itself to take down the Federation , and having only been halted due to the underestimating the remaining Klingon and Romulan forces . That way the Federation can still be the Federation and the notion of what it and The Enterprise stand for ( a beacon of hope ) can be reiterated in this series as it was in TOS , along ..

..thing resembling Trotsky 's position must be negated . Unfortunately for the CCP leaders having to tow the Moscow line , reality in China had an annoying resemblance to Trotsky 's position , which was that the revolution had been decisively defeated due to the CCP 's opportunist capitulation to the Guomindang , and that the party must now adapt its slogans to this reality to recover its base . This unfortunate accuracy therefore restricted in advance the CCP 's ability to take a correct position .  So..

..n graduate programs that are completely irrelevant to the football players 3 . An embarrassing claim given the dismal graduation rates and academic success of our players , not to mention the lowered standards to even admit these players 4 . Largely due to an emphasis on academics and NOT on athletics . The board and presidents have never embraced a dual-success model . Yes , it 's possible at Stanford but not at a public institution like Cal that must answer to taxpayers . Let 's not get started on t..

.. " And they asked how much it cost , everything . And they were happy with it . Not as easy as that , there was actually some salesmanship involved . And , then I had to say that , well , I did n't have it . I said it was in development . And it was due to be released at this time . And they said , they 're kind of like , " Oh , you pitched me , and it 's not eve build ? " I made them the same offer .  Andrew : You said , " When I build it , I 'll give you 10% off if you buy it now . "  Sam : Yeah .  ..

.. , I 'm not convinced all the reports of union crews being turned away were false . But even if they were , the deliberate slow-down by union crews clearing roads after last winter 's blizzard in NYC was NOT made up . People died and continue to die due to union politics . The most current example may or may not be true ( if you think CBS actually investigated this issue beyond their effort to " debunk " it then you 're simply naive ) but other examples abound .  Before I get the the bulk of your post..

..er places , but the water is currently being pumped out into the river , " said Rodgers .  Parts of the county have experienced flooding . Rabbit Run Road , just south of Ottumwa has experienced heavy flooding . Several homes in this area are raised due to flooding concerns in the past .  The river is expected to fall and keep falling within    KIRKSVILLE , MO . -- Droves of people from all over came to see the amazing aerobatics at the 5th Annual Cape Air Kirksville Air Festival .  " We love it , " s..

..s not a good thing that he was so out of it but days like Sunday should be few and far between for him .  Linebackers : 1  Same as above regarding Jones for Dont'a Hightower , who had about as much impact on this game as he did on the ones he missed due to injury earlier in the season . There will be much better days for Hightower and he 'd be well served in watching the film of himself getting wiped out and faked out of his jock all over the field quickly and then forgetting about it . As for the oth..

..me big challenges as a nation . "  Oh , brother , more deliberate omissions and trying to make Obama look like he said something he did n't . Swell . What 's the " this " Obama 's talking about in the 2nd quote , folks ? You 're thinking right now , due to Selective 's selective axe , that it 's " allowing the Bible to craft science policy , " right ? Just like Broun 's quote , right ? Or maybe you think it 's the " phony religiosity " Selective hacked in there with the world 's shiniest axe out of co..

.. who just ca n't seem to resist scratching their tummies , and this can result in them making a huge mistake which will haunt them nonstop , especially if they see themselves naked . Another reason for pregnancy being a culprit with stretch marks is due to the growing fetus inside the belly , which leads the skin to stretch beyond its limits .  Weight gain is another common reason for stretch marks developing . These marks would usually develop around the tummy , buttocks and thighs . Even women who h..

..me , as noted by the thicker-at-the-bottom windows of old buildings "  Not only that , but there 's ancient glass that 's repulsed by gravity and is thicker on top . There 's also old glass that is thicker on the left or right edge , suggesting flow due to deceleration of the earth 's spin .  I used to think it flowed too given enough time , then read about how it was manufactured , then surmised that the glasssmiths noticed the difference , and installed the glass in its strongest and most attractive..

..of the previous iPhones or this one have HD displays but retina instead , so is retina better or on par with HD or is HD better ?  Well , retina display is an HD display ( In a sense that it is High Definition , but does n't qualify to HD standard , due to lower than 1280x720 resolution ) . Basically " retina " is a brand name to describe HD displays used by Apple . According to Apple , for display to qualify as retina it should have atleast 326 ppi ( pixels per inch ) ( note it is only for small devi..

..like you that support this " lesser than two evil " nonsense and wonder why the country does n't progress at all . What an ignorant comment ! So no other voices should be heard ? Only the Dems &; Repubs ? In 1992 Ross Perot ran a successful campaign due to the fact that old , ignorant and complacent people such as yourself have n't figured out that you do n't have to be tied to an outdated two party system . Try reading the words of Thomas Jefferson and other founding fathers regarding " Two Party " p..

..edded these variables against a backdrop of a " BAU Future " .  I.e. they have not taken into account any ' black swan ' type thinking wrt . Energy -like for example a ) oil availability declining by 50% by 2030 , b ) a collapse in project financing due to the effects of a ) , etc .  In order to produce sensible figures they have -of course- had to discount much of this stuff but it would still be interesting to see some scenario analysis -e.g. how would $300+ oil affect the outcome ?  Since wind powe..

..out of line if you can . Teach a felon a trade and he will steal all your freaking tools or beat you over the head with them .  First of all , I was a Second Striker Agent and one of the Parole Agents that was laid off during Wave #2 , on 10/30/12 , due to AB109 . This is exactly why I never recommeded discharge on parolee 's with criminal records similar to this one . Also , the BPH is discharging parolees that are current Parolee at Large cases and have warrants for their arrest . The public has no ..

..n some people perceive that as a lack of innovation on Apple 's part , despite if the new phone ( in this case , the iPhone 5 ) is an excellent product in its own right . Seeing as one of the major reasons many people have stuck around with Apple is due to their continual innovation , it makes sense that the perception of decreased innovation would hurt loyalty .  Of course a slight decrease in loyalty is far from a deathblow to Apple and the iPhone . However , it could indicate that the iPhone wave h..

..slists ' .  War , Pestilence , Tribalism , Ignorance , over population , Religion and Politics all trumped by a small increase in temperature . Perhpas we should be rewriting history . Had only Gibbon been aware that the Decline of Rome was actually due to Global Warming , we could have spent more time on much more worthwhile pursuits such as sociology or gender studies .  Has n't most of the warming been in the winters in northern latitudes ? Are n't most of the poor countries in the tropics where th..

..s out there .  Leo , excellent ! Excellent ! I 'm going to break my usual rule and award two gold stars today . Yes , that 's exactly the issue , and we 'll be talking about it in detail in a bit .  Yupped , I 've never heard of an empire collapsing due to a lack of support from its work force , no . Quite the contrary -- attitudes like your father 's are standard issue in every empire I 've ever heard of .  Thomas , good . ( Among other things , " dingo 's kidneys " is an exquisite bit of invective ...

.. -- Ion battery burns it does not cause a lithium metal fire . The lithium-Ion battery 's Lithium is already in an oxidized salt form inside the cell . Lithium-Ion is different than Lithium Primary . The greater fire risk of the lithium-ion cells is due to the fact that the electrolyte is a volatile organic solution and not aqueous like most cells , and Also the cell itself packs more power ( higher voltage and capacity ) than other types of cells so any kind of problem is magnified . It is more susce..

..the address off the resume and cover letter : I read an article ( I wish I could remember where ) that mentioned that some HR websites will automatically screen out candidates who have a zip code more than 50 miles away . To avoid being screened out due to my lack of proximity , I eliminated the address info from my resume and cover letter altogether .  For one of the jobs I applied for , I had to submit my application through an online system that asked for an address . I entered a San Francisco addr..

..he power yet women had all the sexual/cleaning responsibilities . Check out our list of old advertisements that would be banned today :  Warthog Rugby W 18-15 Warthog Rugby won a war of attrition Saturday , using all but one of their substitutions , due to injuries sustained . The Warthog 's came into Saturday 's match more undersized than usual , and it showed . F ...  So I do n't know if you guys have heard of the Genesee Sun , but basically our boy Josh Williams has set up a one stop shop for every..

..iac Arrest Overwhelmed by Flying Maggots and Stench from Cat Waste  NEW ROCHELLE , NY -- Paramedics from Transcare , responding to a report of a 70-year old woman in cardiac arrest along with the New Rochelle Fire Department , were forced to retreat due to strong odors from cat waste and flying maggots which engulfed them as they entered the house . The two paramedics remained in the house for several minutes but exited after they determined the woman had expired . Initial reports were that 18 cats we..

..ate social media and subscribe to social media paradigms ... Most European national destination marketing organizations are not fully exploiting and engaging with social media . "  For example , open innovation and crowd sourcing , which are booming due to social media , have empowered tourism firms to transform and enhance their New Service Development ( NSD ) activities . 16 Social media provide numerous opportunities for exploiting customer intelligence and involving customers more actively in NSD ..

..tuted 7.2 percent of persons in institutional care ; this was higher than the share of persons in low-skill immigrant households in the general population ( 5.4 percent ) . The disproportionate number of low-skill immigrants in institutional care is due to the disproportionate number of elderly immigrant dropouts estimated to be in institutional care ; the estimated high number of poorly educated elderly immigrants in institutional care is consistent with the fact that the CPS shows that a disproporti..

.. to kill weeds . ) The development of drought-tolerant crops now promises even greater ability to survive a more arid climate .  The United States weathered severe droughts in the 1950s and late 1980s , without the damage seen in the Dust Bowl years due to conservation efforts and the changes in farming techniques . But similar conditions could return , some scientists have noted . " In a certain sense , we 're in a dust bowl , " Okin says . " If the next three years or five years are a drought , even..

..timents . Of course many like to hide behind the " its just an opinion " shield , which has its merits , but ultimately its pretty weak . If I said " The Godfather is an overrated and boring movie " then I feel like I 'd have to back that up somehow due to the prominence of said movie .  When a new video game comes out , there 's not a lot of prominence established yet , so pretty much anything you say about the game goes , straight-up opinion or detailed critique . I once saw a Destructoid article th..

..efore disappointed in yourself for falling for it . "  I just do n't think this part is true . Your being hurt about the film being universally panned would n't necessarily ( or even probably ) be because you find the panning justified . It would be due to something quite different - people making a film uncool . Or making you uncool for liking a film , or turning a pleasure of yours into a guilty pleasure of yours by the sheer force of their opinion to shape the " general " opinion . A pan of a movie..

..ut his cause and for good reason . I do n't believe he did it selfishly but thought it may be more effective . I can not speak for him though and did not read the above posts as they were so ignorant , juvenile and full of hate . I have Complex PTSD due to molestation , rape and domestic abuse of every kind . If it were n't for people like him I would n't have a fighting chance . Cannabis is far safer than ANY of the FDA drugs they cram down our throats offering us no other alternative . I have to tak..

.. Obama and others on the left just believe a woman should be allowed to have a choice .  both result in a dead person ? I 'm not making light of your telling story but find the two synonymous .  Many TX convicts on death row have been found innocent due to DNA testing that was n't available when they were convicted . I think there was another man found innocent today matter of fact so it 's not left to extreme cases .  Just saying murder and killing are the same when some innocent people are found gui..

..me scared ( I do n't like science ) babble from 25 years ago when IVF was just getting big . I know you do n't think it 's natural but it is the natural progression of an intelligent species like ours . One day we will not be able to breed as easily due to evolution , and we will be glad we found the technology now . Evolution of our type of species will be our own , and that 's the natural progression for an advanced , intelligent , scientific people .  The problem with these types of discoveries is ..

.. cousin , Jimmie McAlpine , who lived in the area and died in 1991 , 6 years before the Waterhouse inquiry . If so , why was there a need to redact this name ( of a dead man ) from the inquiry ? More to the point , why was the Jillings report pulped due to ' concerns over libel ' ? Dead men do not sue , as far as I 'm aware . Dead men also do not issue threats or cause victims to ' disappear ' . Also , why would the police refuse to follow up on an allegation against a dead man ? Not like them to turn..

..ly he addressed some other point . He wants to double ( is that correct ? ) exports within the next 5 years . You do not have to be a prophet that his goals on doubling exports , reducing debt and getting the economy going again may well be possible due to the invincible hand of Ben Bernanke who can give out money at no costs to everybody asking for it , thereby depreciating the dollar    In fact , the more value you create , the more wealth you amass . And if you 're focusing on creating value in you..

..like Valve 's open allocation regime . Generating $1 trillion in this way requires liberating 163,000 engineers , or a mere 2.2% of the total pool . That happens even if ( a ) the number of software engineers remains the same ( instead of increasing due to improvements to the industry ) and ( b ) other forms of technological growth , that would increase the ABV of a good engineer , stop , although it 's extremely unlikely that they will . Also , there are the ripple effects ( in terms of advancing the..

.. head injuries are totally unaware that the severe bump on their head or the sports injury or auto accident or fall causing them major problems . If you suffer from ADD , depression , bipolar disorder or anxiety , you should check out if it might be due to a head injury . Treatment is quick and painless . Sometimes    Rector Dr. Jean-Dominique Vassalli spent two days in the Boston area to further develop the partnerships of the University of Geneva with local Universities , in particular Boston Univer..

..inly mutual respect , can not be honest to each other , etc. , doing things aspects allocation system is unreasonable , unfair promotion Zequan Li clearly defined will affect the relationship between businesses and business people . : Many companies due to the distribution system is unfair , work much alike , so many employees lose enthusiasm and motivation to work , the efficiency of inefficient enterprises . So the core of enterprise management is the management of internal and external relations . ..

..e park . It takes about three to six days , with the highlights being beautiful lakes , the French Valley and the iconic Towers of Paine , enormous granite monoliths shaped by glacial ice . Note that the hike can be challenging for some , especially due to common strong winds and rough terrain .  Travel Underground In The Largest Open Pit Copper Mine In The World  In the north of Chile you 'll find Antofagasta , home to Chuquicamata , the largest open pit copper mine by excavated volume in the world ...

.., no doubt . But I 'll have to wait for the video highlights for a visual . Aside from watching some of the second half online , I did n't get my fill of visual for the two games . Can you imagine , losing a game on a sack ( safety ) in the end zone due to intentional grounding ? That 's a heckuva way to lose a game and see title hopes pass . Konawaena 's amazing season shot down by the Golden Hawks . One team 's sorrow is another team 's ecstasy . The Nanakuli legend grows with another comeback win ...

..ces actual historic figures contemporary with its composition ) . * It is explicitly not part of an amorphous continuity of pre-literate storytelling , given that the closing boldly claims that it 's not possible to know the story " without a book " due to the intricacy of the descriptions . * It was composed by a specific , individual author . That we ca n't actually name the author is an accident of history , unfortunately .  And yet , in the end , I 'd definitely classify it as " proto- " rather th..

.. available to my current clients providing the best possible service and support they 've come to know .  Second : Keep it coming !  I will still be accepting new work . However , PowerBand Graphics will not be operating at the same volume as before due to my new full time work commitment . I love the work I 've done with my clients and I plan on continuing to do it .  Third : Availability .  I wo n't be physically accessible for businesses needing work . I loved being a part of the Lincoln business c..

.. past 5 to 7 years . Using the data to determine the cause of this , however , can be tricky . For example , if an isotherm at 1000 m is depressed in one region by 10 meters , is this caused by a simple downward advection of the isopycnal , or is it due to vertical or horizontal mixing with a nearby warm water mass ?  Questions like this can be difficult to answer with the Argo data . Nevertheless , with some basic knowledge of the local oceanographic conditions and use of additional data , like salin..

..lization , and corporatism . "  What seems to underlie these and other collapse-related tipping points , is a shift in our species ' self understanding and our consciousness of our relatedness to the world we inhabit . This change of perspective was due to in large measure to division of labor , specialization and the rationality it engendered . Systems thinking itself has often been guilty of the same hyper-rationality that got us here in the first place . If we are fundamentally intertwined in the "..

.. of fairness including privacy then it really matters not just whether your market is succeeding but how it operates .  " Markets do n't fail - they are the result of thousands or millions of economic transactions . "  Not quite true markets do fail due to various reasons such as becoming no longer of value .  " Central planning does fail , because it does n't have any price signals to operate on . "  True but " central planning " and regulation are not the same .  Regulation is mostly just an additio..

..eport by the U.S. Conference of Mayors , 52 percent of U.S. cities surveyed reported an increase in people experiencing homelessness in 2010 , and emergency shelters in 64 percent of those cities said they 've had to turn away families with children due to a lack of available beds . Although homeless advocates recommend that the federal government and HUD give $1 billion per year in additional funding to the program , Congress and the President have already talked about slashing the federal budget . "..

..every day thanking God for your miracle and loving your kiddo . Thank you for sharing the warning . I will be putting scissors in my glovebox tonight !  Terri Jeppson - After watching as my 5 year old almost drown , and not being able to do anything due to the position I was in at the moment , and imagining him being dead each and every second he did n't come up ; I have an idea of what you went through . Thankfully , he was okay , just shaken and there have been no side effects either . For several w..

..the rural vote accounted for 18.3 percent of the national total . In the other two years , the rural vote was just over 17 percent of the national total .  Or , think about it this way : One third of President Obama 's decline in votes from 2008 was due to results from rural counties . But those counties make up only 17 percent of the nation 's voters .  The lesson seems to be that there are a lot of Democrats living in rural communities who just do n't vote -- or they do n't vote unless they have a g..

..uring National Breast Cancer Awareness Month  Oh October , you blew by far too fast . I 'm already assembling November 's monthly events posting , scratching my head on how this month got away from me , all while hiding out on a surprise weekday off due to this Frankenstorm . Other than a few flickers of lights and some scary wind sounds , all is fine here at PIP Headquarters . So grateful for that .  With a final reminder that October is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month , the Northeast Ohio Are..

..o , Windows RT/8 's multitasking and app switching interface is way better than iOS 's , Android probably has the best app switching interface though .  " Also , I would argue that Windows RT/8 is only more difficult to navigate than iOS and Android due to the inclusion of the classical desktop interface . "  Which defeats the purpose of having the start tiles system altogether ( and it 's one of the gripes I have about it in general ) . If they wanted users to use another interface and make it the ma..

..are not down and some are listed as http : //www.x.co.il and x.co.il , lots of sites are subdomains of the main site that was alegedly hacked , anonymous somewhat took sides with the Palestinians who fired at Israel while requesting it to cease fire due to the visit of Egypt 's PM , Israel respected the cease while the Palestinians did n't , defenders of the free worlds ? nahh , just hypocrites with no real agenda .  nms  Who watches the watchmen ?  A Rothchild Zionist  Israel Created Hamas to Avoid P..

..licensing the copyrighted program contained in that copy ; Blizzard is saying that you 're also just licensing the individual copy contained on the individual disc you bring home from the store . Apparently , that 's not yours -- it 's just rented , due to the operation of some magic words in the EULA .  This defies reason , and it defies a body of legal cases that say a court has to look at the circumstances surrounding a sale to decide whether or not it 's just a rental , not based on the self-servi..

..tack on Algebra as part of the K-12 student learning experience , we have been trying to figure out how to respond in a meaningful way .  This attack on " Algebra " as an essential aspect of learning for all students has been re-kindled in some part due to the emergence of the CCSS for mathematics ( which calls for more rigor beyond algebra , and a different understanding of what algebra actually means ) and the looming shifts in assessment to take place in the spring of 2015 - which requires all stud..

... Like the Soprano 's , when that screen goes blank , even though you have an inkling are left pondering what immediately happens next .  EJS - Friday Sep 7 , 2012 at 1:30 am  St. Elsewhere should easily have been included in a list such as this one due to its memorably quirky and standout nature .  Diana - Friday Sep 7 , 2012 at 11:12 am  They should have had the cast from Buffy the Vampire Slayer appear on Angel during season 5 .  Diana - Friday Sep 7 , 2012 at 11:13 am  They forgot about Charmed . ..

..ist for the past few weeks .  But now I 'm back ! And I have the next few weeks to refocus my efforts on the community -- in particular , the SharePoint Community Kit and the SharePoint Community Champions program . Progress on the SCK has been slow due to contributors taking summer vacations and/or attending conferences , but we now have a prioritized list of features ( which will be posted to the SCK team site very soon ) and even a logo ( which is going through review by the MS branding and legal f..

..t takes place within the confines of the petrol station . The worker explains to Nejat that the singer of the song that is playing is that of Kazim Koyuncu : a well-known singer/ artist from the Black Sea -- Trabzon region , who died at a tender age due to the effects of the Chernobyl disaster . The music thus anchors the space within a regional or local culture and within its social-political context . Additionally , the reference to the Chernobyl disaster links the global and the local together , an..

.. - funny and scary  sometime i will do a post about my favorite sci-fi classic movies ! right now i am looking for warm blanket to cuddle under while i watch    John McCain , who takes the torture issue a bit more seriously than the Republican party due to the fact that he experienced torture firsthand in Vietnam and has authority on this issue , felt the need to get to the bottom of what led to the intel that eventually led to bin Laden .  Leon Panetta gave torture supporters some ammo last week with..

..cautions which do take place to remove hazardous materials . Cleanup does involve removing dangerous items to some extent . But many things end up being turned down for recycling for two major reasons which people may not be aware of .  The first is due to the threat of spreading diseases which the Center for Disease Control tracts . Learned because of past experiences which helped to form regulations which have been put into place to ensure outbreaks do n't occur again . Especially since bacteria thr..

.. 1 . Peel the meat from the carcass . Divide it into portions , ...  Hair Care Products for Healthy Hair I was inspired to try the shining gel , and also delighted to be able to do a review for this particular product . I have dry hair , and that 's due to coloring it like I have throughout most of my adult ...  By Gail Tucker -- I wanted to share this heart-warming story from Guideposts . Hope you enjoy , as well as the scriptures that follow Normally , I 'm the first one to be in the Thanksgiving sp..

..historical record were carried out , it would soon become apparent that warm is good and cold is bad .  Whilst I do not believe that man is significantly impacting on climate ( and to the limited extent that he may be doing so , this probably mainly due to land change uses in which I include UHI ) , I can see no evidence that a planet warmer by 2 or 3 or 4 C will be a bad thing and I am unaware of any sound scientific evidence supporting runaway forcings ..  bublhead says : October 31 , 2010 at 5:05 p..

..g-standing trend was reversed . According to unofficial California Department of Finance estimates , from July 1989 to July 1990 domestic net migration to California was at a 25 year high , with almost 200,000 people added to the State 's population due to domestic migration.2 " " According to the 1990 census , 46 percent of California residents were born in California , 31 percent were born in other states , and 23 percent were born in foreign countries . 2 Domestic net migration is the difference be..

..w entrants to the labor force would realize they need certain skills to be a success , and would take that career path .  With ' government created jobs ' , there is a false illusion of market-demand for unskilled/low-skill labor , which only exists due to government , and can not be sustained on it 's own -- this false-demand encourages people to seek out these ' created ' jobs rather than develop the skills to make it in the market without govt meddling .  DaveA  By preventing deflation &; keeping t..

.. try to go fancier , you either burden human with second guessing the compiler to write code that compiler would be able to optimize ( when you rely on compiler to get from O(n2) to O(n) or the like ) , or prevent compiler from doing optimizations ( due to pointer mess in case of C which makes it hard to optimize safely ) , or both .  http : **27;4711;TOOLONG Douglas Scheinberg  Paul Graham said that there were things he could write easily in LISP that he probably could n't have written at all in C++...

..ndings , and 3 feet of veins , arteries , and capillaries -- circumcision removes all of them , causing the infant tremendous pain . 4 Research has conclusively demonstrated " that circumcision has significant physiologic impact on newborns , mainly due to pain . " 5 Serum cortisol ( a hormone released in response to stress ) concentrations increase during and after circumcision , 6 and " heart rate , respiratory rate and blood pressure increase , and oxygen saturation decreases , during and shortly a..

.. the Kilburn Loop .  There are few things more calming and thought provoking then an isolated walk through a wide-open pine forest . The wind plays an elegant tune from the tops of the trees and the views in all directions go relatively unobstructed due to the lack of thick undergrowth that can commonly cover other heavily wooded areas .  The pine forest at mile two  In fact , there were only two substantial distractions from my peaceful state-of-mind ; the rushing water of a large stream that fed one..

..n army of Ethereals unleash wave after wave of panic attacks -- instead , you 'll find members of your team going rogue in a heartbeat , and there 's nothing you can do about it .  Medkits and healing in general is significantly more important too , due to a new willpower-based system and critical injuries . If a soldier becomes injured , you can either wait till the mission is over , whereupon they spend a few days in the med-bay , or try and heal them during the mission to minimize their time out of..

.. other states represented only about two percent of the State 's population . The annual average number of people entering California from other states was also about two percent of the State 's population . The net change in the State 's population due to domestic migration has not amounted to more than one percent of the State 's population for any single year between 1985 and 1994 . "  The actual source of belief ( which is not a current fact ) related to migration : " A dramatic change in migratio..

.. not be well within the community . Both Engineer and Juzar Bandukwala point to how success among the Bohras has come at a price . Domination by their religious leadership ( Syedna ) has led other Muslims to look askance at Bohras . This was largely due to the position taken by the clergy in the aftermath of the 2002 Gujarat riots . The tendency of the religious leaders to hobnob with those in power ensures protection and breeds success , " yet it drives the educated away " from within the community ,..

..ve an outside chance in the wild card chase .  Derek Jeter extended his season-high hitting to streak to 18 straight games with a ninth-inning single for the Yankees against Matt Capps , the former closer who pitched for the first time since July 16 due to a shoulder problem .  Pedro Florimon hit his first career home run for the Twins in the eighth against Cory Wade .  NOTES : Yankees RH reliever David Aardsma , whose recovery from Tommy John elbow ligament replacement surgery last July is complete ,..

..believable . http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? feature=pla ... =62s  Loading comments ...  Research ? ....... Research ? ? ? ? This , from a conservative ? Oxymoron , it is . Is it a LIE when , for instance , our parents PROMISED us something , but , due to circumstances beyond their control , they could n't produce ? We were VERY upset because , being children , we could n't understand grownup problems . Now , YOU and your ilk must ' grow up " , because , you CAN understand , if you so choose , agains..

..for individuals who need or want one or more ASQ certifications in that courses and materials as well as fees for sitting the exams are discounted for ASQ members . It is also much easier to obtain " recertification credits " for such certifications due to the opportunities presented through local ASQ Sections . Getting recertification credits means eliminating the need to retake the certification test ( and paying its fee ) periodically . Whether the fees are a " lot of money " is a relative opinion ..

..a sacrament in his religion . " Instead he went to trial on a charge of manufacturing a controlled drug , a Class B felony that carries a penalty of three and a half to seven years in prison . Darrell 's first trial ended in a mistrial last November due to prosecutorial error . His second trial ended in yesterday 's acquittal .  " Cases like this should n't be brought , " Sisti says . " And when they are brought , I think that safety valve , that nullification safety valve , is very important . Other ..

..hnique invented by Jones family that he was not advantage of this . Could miss areas that the most direct evidence viagra india online Cellular effects , significantly expanding or green tea have been biological mechanisms of other natural . A study due to be adverse effects of low oxygen full biological effects of these skin cancers , however five . Jones cautioned that clinical trials lasting respiratory depression following the England and Wales . Guidance recognises the need rib fractures are not ..

..s not fair . I believe the only reason the UN were n't on board was France and Germany 's objection . I respect Germany 's decision as a country destroyed by and divided by the aftermath of a war , however I am very suspicious of France 's objection due to Iraq being a very large ( partially illegal ( UN banned ) ) export market for them ( France , though hit heavily by war in the last century , never suffered the division and complication Germany has done , something that still leaves huge unemployme..

..ncluding the husband of Democratic congressional candidate Mark Pocan . The alleged harasser , Philip Frank , denies the allegations and denies knowing the victim , Kyle Wood .  Media Trackers is continuing to follow developments in this story , but due to the ongoing criminal investigation we have chosen to remove the allegations raised by both sides from our website . All information has been given to law enforcement authorities . As information becomes available , we will stay abreast of the case ...

.. few contained Gaza-style internment compounds with hundreds of millions of " the economically unviable " fed dole yeast and made to feel grateful with an endless barrage of " XFactor " blaring from huge billboards .  I think that for every job lost due to automation should be created a new position in scientific research . The number of scientists will never be excessive . Thus , the gains from automation would be used to produce more innovation . Likewise , if systems like IBM 's Watson " take the j..

.. how easily these accusers committed fraud . Not only on you and the Catholic church , but on the justice system  Father MacRae , our very small parish in the mountains in central California is in need of a priest . Our beloved Father O. is retiring due to ill health . He will probably be leaving Thursday for his retirement home . Of course , as written here previously , anyone coming here must be warned of the extremely biased local newspaper . What would life be without challenges ?  I can dream , c..

..t of the rest is politicking nonsense . Reagan promised to increase defense spending . Way good . Not because we needed grunts but because the spending was largely about toys , and the tech for toys trickles to the civilian economy . We have GPS etc due to Reagan ; it was early 80 ? s spending that allowed that execrable moron Clinton to claim the internet business boom as his . Heh . The only thing that fool did was push business policy that allowed online dog food sellers to be equated to real Intel..

..the US to do some high-profile promotion work , and took a midnight stroll to the Nintendo World Store to meet and greet fans .  Talking with The Washington Post , meanwhile , he 's explained why Nintendo wanted to grasp the digital age with Wii U , due to the popularity of downloading games content .  We prioritized the eShop because we 're seeing that , first , there 's a segment of consumers that want their games digitally on the system and do n't want the hassle , potentially , of physical discs ...

..Although gravity is the most popular among the above-mentioned interactions , one can say that we are now living in an electromagnetic civilization . Most of the tools and equipments of modern civilization depend on electromagnetism . This is mainly due to our deep understanding of the electromagnetic interaction compared with other interactions . However , there are some pieces of evidence forcing one to claim that ancient civilization has been a gravitational one . Among these pieces of evidence , a..

..been right . The real call is whether , as he says , a serious trade conflict next year will derail Chinese growth .  It 's probably worth remembering that Micheal predicted buoyant financial markets in the US as increasing liquidity headed that way due to the US continuing to be the consumer market of first and last choice for mechantilist economies . That part of his prediction is working out . Anyway he did not think things would reach a head until closer to the November elections . Turbo Timmy is ..

..oing the study the way it should be done , totally double blinding it and not restricting whether subjects got the placebo or the " real " homeopathic remedy to one week , they do it in a way that makes it less rigorous and more prone to effects not due to the intervention . Of course , given that homeopathic remedies are basically water packed into sugar pills and then allowed to evaporate , the very concept of a " placebo " in a homeopathy trial is rather risible . After all , the homeopathic remedi..

..of them as the work visa 's for high tech workers , and they are . But that is what is used for legal manual labor now .  Injured ? H1-B canceled . Want to report a rape by farm staff ? H1-B canceled . Want to talk to someone about your miscarriages due to pesticides ? H1-B canceled . Try to unionize your plant after severe injuries , no payment for overtime ? H1-B canceled . Report when the teenage son of farmer steals your stuff ? H1-B canceled . See how this works ?  ICE and local sheriffs already ..

..ss people by affording a health care program .  anybody can revise my essay please do and give me any feedback , suggests and any new ideas that i can a has to be a thdded since my essay has to be three body paragraph  Hey Everyone I Have this paper due tomorrow and so far what I have this ( Essay Below ) please any help in organizing it and adding any detail and if there is any grammar error please help revise thank you in advance  Homelessness , a social problem that my community suffers from . It '..

..ou do not know how far to go with explaining everything . Just imagine taking a complete newbie and trying to explain absolutely everything on driver robot .  There are certain advertising and marketing methods that so many have the wrong idea about due to people spreading rumors and false information on the net .  This is just part of the nature of online business or even offline for that matter . Be forewarned as you travel in your journey because always suspecting there is something else that is pa..

.. Obama does want to end Awlaki 's " Jihadist Muslim Radical " role against the wishes of those who want to milk this cow as long as possible , what path does he progress on ?  So basically you have arrived at the " militant over the age of 18 ? rule due to the piece coined by NY Times based upon the testimony of " former " advisors , some of which have been fired by Obama 's adminstration ? Why would you term an accusation as a directive by Obama ?  " Trust me Afghanistan is still going to be a devast..

..ing fun of its own historical inaccuracies , as well as the idiocy of 2D drawn figures trying to be more than what they are ; endearing characters in a beautiful story of hope and love . Funny thing is that we do fall for these characters by the end due to the kind of characterisation rarely seen in comedy series , and we ca n't help but root for their hilarious attempt to reach the moon . Now that 's rocket science of storytelling .  43 . Code Geass -- There is little denying the sheer entertainment ..

.. get some more info on Texas health care . The first link Dorian gave actually said Texas ranks good in both maternal and child health care . One of the big factors in our " Bad " health care is that we have so many uninsured . I 'm one of those but due to the number of doctors in Houston I 'm able to pay for my health care at still reasonable rates without help or insurance . Less than half the Hospitals in Texas are for profit and the vast majority of those are in metropolitan areas so rural and cou..

..t huge discounts to NAV is my cup of tea .  So I suppose one might say that I am slowly becoming more bullish in very specific areas and that this is a matter of price ... that because we have the cash when others sell more out of fear , rather than due to a rational investment decision .  In summary , we can trace the lineage of this greed back much further than sub-prime in our lifetime , and even though it was n't the beginning of this deadly sin known as greed , the brokerage industry helped get u..

..rogress in attracting female voters , even as his own evolving stance on abortion and birth control , as well as the outrageous remarks of Republicans like Todd Akin and Richard Mourdock , made his task more difficult .  And that progress was wholly due to his success in appealing to white women . If Romney had exhibited similar strength in appealing to non-white females , particularly Hispanics , it would have made a big difference , but he could n't manage it . To the contrary , he did worse than hi..

..t cited a news report that " armed security forces of EMOI " -- the company 's own paid agents -- " ... conducted security sweeping operations at five villages near the explosive storage of ExxonMobil " and " that thousands of people were threatened due to sweeping operations and gunfire . "  " Here , " the judge stated , " a finder of fact could reasonably conclude that EMOI was negligent in hiring -- or at least in retaining -- its paid security forces . There is sufficient evidence that EMOI should..

..ot a particular currency is growing stronger or weaker and whether you should be buying or selling that currency . According to some experts at NASDAQ , the overall projected inflation rate in UK for 2013 is targeted at 2.2 percent . This is largely due to the volatility in energy prices . How this impacts you , as an investor , depends entirely on what currency you invest in and how inflation affects it . So , as always , it pays to do your forex research , whether you 're using an automated system o..

.. to the detriment of U.S. geopolitical interests .  Russia is exploiting the potential of the Arab Spring to enhance its regional role by constraining U.S. influence . For example , Russia 's opposition to the United States over the Syrian crisis is due to Moscow 's concern about Washington 's exploitation of Arab world dynamics in changing the regimes of states which are friendly to Russia and weakening strategic allies such as Syria and Iran which can ultimately pose ideological and geopolitical cha..

..ntly , carefully and with maximum effort and you 'll quickly see progress .  Leg Press  You wo n't get the same thigh development performing leg presses as you would with squats , but it 's a good alternative for people with knee and back problems , due to the stability the machine offers , according to the " Encyclopedia of Bodybuilding . " One muscle group the leg press may be superior at building compared to squats , though , is the glutes . The reason is that the glutes straighten the body at the ..

..for voted for this change in government . So I really just think it 's more of an answer to my prayers if anything , " said Union Gap Mayor Jim Lemon .  That 's not all , this past week , we learned Lemon was told by police to stay off city property due to an ongoing criminal investigation having to do with an employee . The decision sent shockwaves through Union Gap .  Union Gap Resident Don Potter said , " If they said he should n't come on . Why , there must be some reason that they done it . "  Bu..

..rcraft , nicknamed Scramjet , has resulted in the third failure of the flight in three separate tests .  The Scramjet was successfully attached to a B-52 bomber 's wing before being deployed approximately 50,000 feet above the Pacific Ocean . It was due to free-fall for four seconds before its engines ignited , which would in theory propel the aircraft with force five times the speed of sound after 30 seconds , climbing to 70,000 feet .  After this , the prototype was to be allowed to break up after h..

..e that part suck , do n't they ? ) .  Dani Pedrosa , Jorge Lorenzo , and Casey Stoner started the race with a great fight that ended soon after Pedrosa crashed . Image courtesy Repsol Honda Team  But the reason why I had high hopes for this race was due to the title decision . With Casey Stoner on pole and Dani Pedrosa 3rd , the Spaniard would have to fight his way to lead the race . There was absolutely no way , his teammate would hand him the win on a silver plate . So I thought , " Dude , this will..

..ilt and orbit changes .  I believe the key missing variable is the depth at which the sun 's radiation is absorbed by the oceans .  Wavelengths longer than 3 micron are not significant in the sun 's spectrum but are measured at the surface . This is due to back radiation from the atmospheric greenhouse gases . This part of the spectrum is absorbed within a few millimetres of the surface so will lead to an immediate increase in surface temperature and a consequential increase in evaporation and radiati..

..as reached 9 ( trend-adjusted ) days before May 1st in 1977 and 1980 . Planting reached 50 percent completion 6 to 8 days before May 1st in 11 other years .  What about 2012 ? The USDA 's Crop Progress report released on April 17th ( delayed one day due to technical difficulties ) indicated that as of April 15th planting progress had reached 41 percent in Illinois , 24 percent in Indiana , and 5 percent in Iowa . For planting to equal the previous record early date , an additional 9 percent of the cro..

...8% increase in core retail sales last October occurred in two categories : on-line sales and computer and software sales , which combined had their largest monthly increase on record . The incremental growth of Q4 sales at those stores over Q3 , if due to the iPhone , would have added between 0.1% to 0.2%-point to Q4 growth , after subtracting the import drag . Given the iPhone 5 launch is expected to be much larger , we think the estimate mentioned in the first paragraph is reasonable . "  Like I sa..

..country 's " most consumer-friendly airline " -- would    Aspiring Nun Has Too Much Student Debt To Take Vow Of Poverty  In news stories about the student debt crisis , we hear about American young adults delaying the typical milestones of adulthood due to their student loans . They ( well , we ) postpone marriage , childbearing , and purchasing first homes . But what if you 're interested in a holier , more altruistic path ? Men and women who want to join Catholic religious life must be debt-free bef..

.. the way things are said not what is being said . Manners are extremely important in civilized society . As much care should be placed on how one speaks as on what is spoken . This is normal in face-to-face encounters but rare in online interactions due to anonymity . The way society deals with bad behavior is ostracism .  Padova  Thanks . gbonzo was clearly an early drop-out in the School for Manners .  http : **27;3651;TOOLONG Christian Peel  Apple seems to be fairly aware of creative destruction ; ..

.. Mackey just a few minutes before the game started , I was expecting a great game from both teams , but that did n't happen . I know Penn State is good and expected to be in the Final Four this year , but I did n't see that from them . I expected Purdue to come out on fire behind a larger crowd wanting to defeat Penn State , but that did n't happen .  Penn State played alright , but Purdue played worse .  Penn State finished the match with 12 service errors and 12 attack errors . Purdue finished with ..

..nd so far , only ) marathon back in February 2011 . The day before the race , I decided I needed a new pair of shoes , so I hit up the nearest RunTex , a running store that 's known for their knowledgeable staff . I used to have fairly bad knee pain due to my flat arches until I told my doctor about it several years ago , and he told me to start using a high-cushion running shoe . Ever since then , the knee pain has stayed away . I told the salesman at RunTex about my condition and he equipped me with..

