..How that combination works in amazing way could be the answer of ' Big Bang ' but we are just able to explain the process and not the source of process and conscious level . Who are aware they just guide us the process to be there and do not explain due to technical problem .  Ramkshrestha : Wonderful article . Life is nothing more than the specific combination  Loading comments ...  Maybe this is all very important or maybe its just something to talk about around the campfire while enjoying a few bee..

..vidence for paranormal perception in OBEs and NDEs in the face of numerous attempted experiments designed to gather such evidence suggests that there is no paranormal factor involved in OBEs and NDEs ( which is very different from a lack of evidence due to the fact that no one has tried to accumulate such evidence ) .  6 Many NDE researchers refer to the case of a Seattle heart patient known only as " Maria " as one of the most convincing pieces of anecdotal evidence for paranormal perception in NDEs ..

..Quartz element heaters are a little safer than wire element heaters , but I would n't turn my back on one .  Quartz element heaters work in much the same way as wire element heaters do , but they 're a little bit safer to turn your back on . This is due to the fact that they sheath the heater 's wire element inside of a quartz tube . This quartz sheath also makes them more efficient , as the sheath insulates the elemental wire , allowing it to heat up faster without using as much electricity as an uns..

..eak out .  In JLA : The Nail , the Joker returns from Hell , complete with new infernal powers , to try to drag Batman back with him . He almost did , too , except ... well , he 's Batman .  Batman was saved by the spirits of Robin and Batgirl , who due to the break down in the dimensional barriers also were freed long enough to rescue their mentor and break him out of his Heroic BSOD over their tortured murders before his eyes . It was also in the sequel , Another Nail , that that occurred .  In Kenn..

..that will come when someone ca n't 100% replicate a Replicator , but hope that people will be able to build alternatives using the core understandings made by building the device .  Chumby did n't fail because they opened their designs . They failed due to having a product in a niche that just did n't have the growth that investors wanted , and in a niche that got supplemented quickly by improved smartphones and tablets . The open source bits ultimately did n't matter to the market , but probably gave..

.. the water turns to cloud droplets which shadow ( and cool ) the surface below . Dr Roy Spencer published some data on this negative feedback from clouds in monsoons ; it seems H2O has positive feedback ( as IPCC assume ) for small temperature rises due to CO2 , but has negative feedback ( opposing CO2 ) for higher temperature rises . This subtle effect is what 's been missed out . Clearly , it must exist or we would n't exist ; it would be in a runaway greenhouse world .  The danger is that science i..

.. him shortly afterwards .  The credits of Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance start rolling when all characters are dead except one , who is fatally wounded . As the screen fades to black , we continue to hear his mumbling and moaning as he slowly bleeds out due to having his gut sliced to ribbons . At the end of the credits , he is still not dead .  In Stranger Than Fiction , this is stated to be author Karen Eiffel 's Signature Style . It becomes an issue when the main character Harold Crick becomes her new ..

..ne is willing to invest in proper ventilation and personal protective equipment , it is not a technique I would recommend teaching for hobby use . In addition , fire codes in many areas require fire permits for such processes as oxyacetylene welding due to the frequency of welding fires . Most community art centers I have inspected were not set up safely for welding .  Many students taking arts courses as an elective often are not willing to pay sufficient attention to safety precautions , thus creati..

... It was the 3rd day of what will be remembered in history as the 2011 England riots . the following day we were suppose to play a gig at a club in Shoreditch . the sad news hit us on the way out of the Old Street tube station - the gig was canceled due to the situation .  As the cliche says - The rich get richer while the poor get poorer . so while all the clubs in east and north London were not allowed to open and Camden market 's merchants had to close in 15:00 , the City Of Westminster was still s..

..they persist in this charade , walk off and find another cab .  Beggars . Rome in particular is crawling with them these days . In 2004 when I was last there they were visible in some tourist hotspots , but they rarely molested you . That 's changed due to the bad economy . Some of them are desperate to the point of aggression . They target tourists , but leave most Italians alone . I had one fellow follow me for half a block beseeching me for money , waving his baseball cap under my nose . I finally ..

..- as are all possible presuppositions that define the nature of our presumed access to " nature " or " realty " .  Clearly I 'm not ready for the entrance exam yet ! ... the truth is that my lack of a Ph.D . is not just an instutitional matter , but due to the fact that I just have n't read widely enough ... It 's not so easy trying to pursue more than one profession at once ...  The good news is that I 'm on my way to a Mohawk reservation in Quebec - where among other things , I should have a chance ..

..utbreak of the epidemic worldwide can be substantially reduced when travel restrictions are used .  A number of factors could modify the effects of the delay caused by travel restrictions . Seasonality is one of them . Seemingly counterintuitively , due to the interaction with the global seasonality of influenza , travel restrictions alone may lead to a higher number of total cases in a given region than would an unmitigated epidemic . This occurs because the increased FPT may delay the regional intro..

.. full-scale brawl that featured eggs being thrown and someone letting off a smoke grenade .  And again in 2012 , this time over the issue of whether Russian should be an official language in the parts of Ukraine where it 's widely spoken ( note that due to historical and economic factors , this sort of thing is Serious Business in Eastern Europe ) .  The Reichsrat note " Imperial Council " or " Council of the Realm " of Imperial Austria - Hungary was to the late 19th and early 20th century what the Ta..

..ton was know to be a ' bastard ' son ?  I too watch and was fascinated by the mini series and went out to find a book with more info . The book I read said Cottontop 's mother was Ellison 's first cousin . Something Hatfield Mounts . If this is true due to genetics Cottontop could have suffered from some form of mental retardation .  Appalachian Lady , This is some great information ! I have read quite a bit about the H &M; feud and apparently the mini-series was entertaining it was very inaccurate on..

..the same riff on the hardships facing middle-income Americans , Romney also noted that " gasoline prices have doubled under the president . " That 's true , but as we have noted before , the price of gasoline was unusually low when Obama took office due to the recession and financial crisis .  The average price for regular gasoline was $3.80 last week , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration , a bit more than double the $1.84 average the week Obama took office . But the average exceed..

../9/2009 Many people don ? ? t understand what ? ? s happening now in Israeli politics , so here ? ? s a brief , and non-partisan , appreciation . Compared to the past , there ? ? s far less difference between the three main parties . This is largely due to the objective situation , which is rather inflexible .  When Secularists Burn Heretics Prof. Barry Rubin - 2/6/2009 Ali Ahmad Said Asbar is a name almost no one knows but everyone recognizes him by his penname Adonis . He is probably the greatest po..

..ich is highlighted in cases such as the specific DNA repair deficiency called xeroderma pigmentosum . Individuals with this deficiency are highly sensitive to ultraviolet light , and even with careful protection they develop multiple skin carcinomas due to the genetic deficiency .  The third mechanism is epigenetic , which involve changes in gene expression , rather than changes in the DNA text itself . Studies have shown that when mice that carry a paternal precancerous mutation inherit a maternal im..

..oo.gl/mwIb4  Already responsible for a reported 41 deaths across the Caribbean , late-season Hurricane Sandy is expected to make landfall again early this week on the East Coast of the United States .  Some are calling the hurricane " Frankenstorm " due to its potential mix of both winter and tropical cyclone weather . Regardless of what you call it , we hope that you get the information you need to make preparations and stay safe if you are in the area . It has the potential to be one of the worst st..

.. an eternal one . So are the rust-slashed minarets of Kashiwazaki Turkish Culture Village a fearsome premonition of its fate , is K-K truly a ruin of the future ? If we look far enough out , out say to 2057 , when the last of the reactors , KK7 , is due to be decommissioned , nigh on a century after the plans for K-K were first hatched , when the ashes of your correspondent will have long joined those of Ryutaro Omori in the grave , when the inhabitants of these islands will number a third fewer than ..

... As she said herself quite a few of the musicians touring with her are getting paid . In addition to the regulars she 's offering fans the opportunity to play a few pieces alongside with the band . This wo n't work for any artist , it works for her due to the special connection she has with her fans and the unusual atmosphere at her gigs . For this reason alone it does n't work as a precedent . Those music execs probably do n't like her very much either -- I would assume that selling a record without..

..eatly increased ( because the forest was no longer transpiring water ) and nutrient outflow also increased greatly . The annual flood crest of the Amazon River has increased over recent years without any concomitant increase in rainfall , presumably due to deforestation . Damaging floods are one frequent consequence of deforestation .  Forests harbor tremendous biological diversity , and have the potential to provide us with new crop varieties and medicines . A good example of medicinal use of tropica..

...So we have to ask ourselves , would we buy a used car from Obama ?  With so many folks out of work , ( unemployed ) , who the heck can afford a new car ? I 'm still paying on a 2001 Nissan that has literally fallen apart and you ca n't find parts , due to Obama 's Cash for Clunkers ! He really screwed American 's who are struggling to keep their automobiles on the road . We 're still paying personal property taxes on an eleven year old automobile with over 230K miles . No one but the wealthy can affo..

..ess . We will use your e-mail address only to send you a confirmation copy of your comments and to notify you if we publish them online .  We value your feedback and will consider it carefully . Nonetheless , we    Summer Climates Are Mostly Warming due to Climate Change  A new analysis of 90 years worth of observational data has shown that summer climates across the globe are changing , in most cases warming , yielding valuable location-by-location insights rather than vague global averages which hol..

..technology . It had nothing to do with pricing schemes .  I mean once you 're able to get backbone speeds ( at the time ) direct to your house at a not much higher price , why would you even consider a 56k dialup ?  It got to be considered so slow ( due to the alternatives being so fast ) that it could n't even be given away ( ' NetZero anyone ? )  Re : So ' insiders ' do work for techdirt  Actually , you have it backwards . I am the parent owner of Techdirt and Mike works for me . Therefore he 's mak..

..ored in light of these statements . I find the irony in this amazing . Even if you believe that these statements were in fact Ron Paul 's ( which I do not ) , the fact is that his legislative record is the antithesis of a racists or bigoted agenda , due to the fact that he basis his political positions on the anti-racist premise of individual rights for everyone without regard to race , gender , or ethnicity .  These statements were known to anyone that had followed Ron Paul closely , since they were ..

..if you are using the PISA to argue that different different ethnic groups possess different average levels of core cultural literacy , as E.D. Hirsch defines it and science knowledge , then the data is clear on that . However , I would argue that is due to cultural factors than genetics . For example , Jewish culture , East Asian cultures , Indian cultures value education and knowledge acquisition highly .  I can personally attest that IQ scores will also vary greatly during a persons life time , far ..

..cedures ( Zgibor and Orchard 2004 ) . Facilities specializing in the care of chronic diseases such as diabetes , myocardial infarction , and heart failure are also associated with better outcomes . Debate exists over how much of the volume effect is due to specialist care . The benefits of high-volume care persist , however , even after controlling for referral and case-mix biases . When carefully trained nonphysicians are substituted for physicians , volume effects persist but can be accomplished at ..

..is hands and feet had been partially sawn off , leading to the speculation that he was tortured prior to being killed . The body was then burned .  James Milam  Milam was decapitated . The state Medical examiner , Fahmy Malak , initially ruled death due to natural causes , claiming that the victim 's small dog had eaten the head , which was later recovered from a trash bin several blocks away .  Richard Winters  Winters were a suspect in the deaths of Ives &; Henry , and had offered to cooperate . He ..

..he two pureblood families became extinct    Why do you think that the Soviet Union wanted to install missiles in Cuba ?  If the Soviet Union was successful in stationing missiles in cuba they would have had a powerful tool to impact American actions due to the proximity of them to the    Another Lost Year All That We Are All That We Are Lyrics  total views : 6 times this week . to all that we are for easy viewing , send it to your friends or rate the become popular . If you have any corrections for th..

... We declared her as a dependent and filed an individual tax return for her . Our return was recalculated by the IRS and we were asked to pay addtional taxes . Not sure this was correct . In 2009 she was a part time student and a part time employees due to schedule conflict . We are unsure as to how we should file the 2009 returns . We are currently on an extenstion and will file shortly upon receipt of your response . Many thanks .  Posted by : richard k. nelson at 06/17/2010 12:48:56 PM  re : point ..

..e LD from developmental disabilities , white students with LD are more normalized . And as a result , they appear to be more privileged in our society than are students of color with LD and students who are identified with developmental disabilities due to the social construction of the LD category and the overwhelming continued reliance on the medical model even today in the diagnoses of developmental disabilities including mental retardation and autism . The privileging of LD is reflected in special..

.. placed on them with such authority that to question such could mean death . So they are stuck in this conundrum of seeing " others " that they believe inferior doing much better and enjoying life much more while knowing they will never achieve this due to the constraints of their society . So , they lash out and direct their anger at those inferiors and place the blame on them for their situation . To not do so would be an admission that they are inferior and that they can not accept .  Long story sh..

..rhaps Doc picked this number to avoid having accidental activation of the time machine . 88 is faster than highway and residential speeds , so if Doc is driving the De Lorean somewhere and accidentally turns on the Flux capacitor and time circuits ( due to malfunction or something ) , he does n't risk zipping off to the crucifixion in the middle of I-90 .  Since " flux capacitor " is a mish-mash of electromagnetic terms , and Doc said that the DeLorean 's steel frame is important , I 'd guess it has t..

..n Facebook ? Former aides say biographer disclosed details of military operations in lighthearted posts . The coterie of officers and advisers surrounding Gen. David Petraeus had become suspicious of the woman , now known to have been his mistress , due to her playful Facebook status updates they claim disclosed sensitive details of military operations in Afghanistan . Paula Broadwell , the woman who penned the military chief 's biography and ultimately began a romantic relationship with the married 6..

..  I do n't blame my father for feeling that way . I know that he believed it was for the best .  I did n't .  The relationship I had with my mother had been one of trust and open honesty for all of my life . Mum and I had raging arguments at times , due to our honesty with each other , but neither of us ever held a grudge . As soon as we were through with our argument , Mum would say , " Go and put the kettle on and make us a cup of tea " . A cup of tea made everything right , you know . Mum was an En..

.. the rest of us who are just hoping to make our next connection without delay .  Sure TSA has made some serious screw ups but so does every employee in EVERY job . Ever heard of a doctor taking off the wrong appendage ? Ever heard of planes crashing due to human error ? Ever heard of a judge letting a criminal go because of a technical error ? Good grief people ! I get on the plane feeling just a lil safer knowing that while a screening may not catch everything , it does catch a bunch of contraband . ..

..ion 65 , 66 . Other microorganisms , including eukaryotic ones , have a similar or a higher fidelity of genome replication . Asexual lineages , being either unicellular organisms or organisms with a small number of germ-line cell divisions , survive due to the very high fidelity of DNA replication , which is enough for the reliable self-reproduction . But the replication with high fidelity is a costly process . It looks probable that the attained fidelity of DNA replication per base pair per cell divi..

.. or motivations .  This troper being from Germany has to think of Gerhard Schr ? der ( who would become Chancellor of Germany years later ) and his fellow social-democratic party ( SPD ) buddy Oskar Lafontaine who had an intense fight spanning years due to differing opinions .  Pete Doherty and Carl Bar ? t of The Libertines seem to have estranged over the years .  Before Genghis Khan was Genghis Khan , he was Tem ? jin , and he was best friends since child hood with boy named Jamukha . Eventually , J..

..hink walls , poured from concrete ! lined with a agent that if a crack(earthquake) was to form there would be no leakage !  Why do people continue to insist or suggest that fuel has been moved out of SFP #4 ? Even if there was no melting of the fuel due to fires in the pool this is completely impossible for so many reasons . The fuel is only moved under 30 feet of water normally because of dose rates . To move a bundle in the air would mean you would need a crane with an arm one mile long or the crane..

..can not be there . Unlike a business which can not discriminate si easily . That is not meant to be rude but read Matthew 18 Jesus meant the church to be those coming together who agreed on beliefs . Ps the flip side to this story if people got hurt due to code violations how many would be griping  I love how the Salman Cult is just so harping on all these religious things . The city/state really is not in some giant stupid conspiracy to prosecute the poor misunderstood christians . It 's about permit..

..nds , Small Brown Dior Karenina Bag is that kind of the bag . one of the Louis Vuitton wallets , I saw this in real life ...  There ? ? no protective felt within the back shell.Fashion . The design of Louis Vuitton Handbags is gained much popularity due to its sophistication and style.At Top 1 Handbags , belstaff boots 23 chapter number and skinnier styles flatter taller , A name that bounds wealth with social recognition , For example , making a target harder ...  Her sexy black leather clothing and ..

..dia consumption tablet paradigm was created .  And Apple has worked HARD to maintain that paradigm : the tablet as an oversized smartphone , not a fully-functional computer . Because , as I pointed out , the iPad actually fills no *functional* niche due to its crippled functionality , and increasing its functionality by giving it a " full " OS would destroy the MacBook Air . Apple is only concerned about hardware sales . They will not risk unnecessary cannibalization .  Give me one good reason why a L..

..r next renewal . I always offer my tenants the opportunity to sign leases longer than a year to lock in the rental rate . Many of them take me up on it . I never consider a long lease with fixed rent to be a detriment . I consider it a large benefit due to having a contractually binding multi-year revenue stream .  Raise Rent Less than the Maximum  When your lease comes due , this is the time to adjust the rent if the market allows you to do so . However I try to see what comparable properties are ren..

..t I hope will be a helpful reply from David Dayen regarding the above questions/comments . I wish to be polite and respectful , of course , so I 'll give him some more time .  D Dayen apparently is reporting on his twitter feed that his power is out due to a storm ( correct ? ) so David , I will look for your reply sometime tomorrow . I 'm sure you already realize that I value your opinion , so I will follow up on this ( same with Jon Walker ) , and I already know that Kevin G. is covering the Bradley..

..acter had to find a way to reach it without being eaten . Another was the character could become a messiah figure to the Sandpeople and would lead them against Czerka Corporation . There was also cut content relative to the planet Taris , cut mostly due to pacing issues rather than time constraints . Initially , there was to be another level to the Vulkar base there , 77 containing a spice lab , staff housing , and the base 's heating control system . The player had to retrieve the keycard that would ..

..wman who said , " Strides are being made in nearly every area of Civil Rights at present , all minorities are experiencing advancement ..... except where it concerns women " . Earth to Teece . Women are NOT a minority . In fact , in most countries , due to life expectancy , women are the majority . http : **33;2841;TOOLONG . ... Are they unfairly descriminated against ? A different discussion . But it is NOT because they are a " minority " .  January 12 , 2012 - 3:46 pm  Randall Amberson wrote :  Your..

..g temperatures below 45 degrees F. The generalization that cooling a tissue that is oxygen deprived is a bad thing is n't supported by these citations . Maybe we should start heating stroke and cardiac arrest patients because cells starved of oxygen due to lack of blood supply should be heated instead of cooled .  Your generalization has patients making generalizations like this ACL case above that is going to stop icing rather than a more approriate statement of " stop icing at temperatures below 45 ..

..ignificantly higher than month 1 ( Table 7 ) . The growth rates of megabytes per month per user for all mobile plans versus mobile data plans are fairly similar . While it is possible that there are early signs of slower growth rates for mobile data due to the effects of tiered pricing , the data available at this time indicates no significant change in the overall growth of mobile data traffic per user .  The number of mobile data users generating more than 2 GB per month has tripled over the course ..

..ate the value of everything produced in that country at the prices prevailing in that country , then you convert that into U.S. Dollars at market exchange rates .  The other way of calculating GDP is taking into account differences between countries due to purchasing power parity . There are a few different agencies who calculate GDP ( PPP ) for each country , such as the IMF and the World Bank .  I hope this clears up the confusion . Canada is anywhere from the 8th to the 12th largest economy in    S..

..:  The athlete may suffer physical or psychological harm as a result of drug use .  The use of drugs by one athlete may coerce another athlete to use drugs to maintain parity .  The use of drugs in sport is unnatural in that any resulting success is due to external factors .  The athlete who uses drugs has an unfair advantage over athletes that do not use them .  Some Analysis of the Issues  In these analyses , I draw chiefly from two prominent sources :  Dr. Norman Fost : Dr. Fost was awarded an A.B ..

..lign with traditional role-playing games . The squad size is limited to 4-6 characters , traditional RPG numbers , and only having one base means you rarely need large numbers of squaddies -- I never had more than 15 at once , and even that was high due to playing on " Classic " difficulty . It also slightly decreases the importance of the strategic decision-making level , putting the focus on the characters in the field .  It 's the level of RPG-like character customization that makes XCOM different ..

..nd we bled . Is payment enough , and with that we will trust , That we mattered to you as you mattered to us .  " PLEASE , would you do me the kind favor of sending this to as many people as you can ? Christmas will be coming soon and some credit is due to our U.S service men and women for our being able to celebrate these festivities . Let us try in this small way to pay a tiny bit of what we owe . Make people stop and think of our heroes , living and dead , who sacrificed themselves for us . "  - Ni..

..vent Horizon .  Theatre  There is a lot of Lampshade Hanging in Pippin on Pippin 's persistent failure to find something completely fulfilling to do with his life .  Video Games  In Diablo II the unnamed protagonist is met with failure at every turn due to arriving ever so slightly too late to have stopped the villain from doing what they were trying to do .  Act 1 : The hero arrives too late to catch Diablo in his new body and Andariel is successful in delaying his venture to the east to go after Dia..

..eport is going to scare the wits out of everyone , " Mr de Boer said in the only scheduled interview of his visit to Australia . " I 'm confident those scientific findings will create new political momentum . " The IPCC 's fifth assessment report is due to be published in late 2013 and early 2014 .  Before then is the next end-of-year UN climate meeting in Doha , Qatar . Delegates will discuss a second commitment period for the Kyoto Protocol , the only legally binding accord to cut greenhouse gas emi..

..icates also that 25% of the randomly selected entries of the native contact map is enough to correctly reconstruct the protein structure . Considering that introducing random errors quickly degrades the quality of reconstruction and that this is not due to random flipping of contacts into non-contacts we conclude that the correctness of contacts in the map is more important than their relative abundance . Therefore our large-scale effort validates the concept that wrong contacts make the reconstructio..

..hat 1=2 ( or some other such equality , by the principle of explosion it does n't really matter ) . The trick is that at some step in the proof , a non obvious division by zero occurred .  Eliezer : I am using the standard definition of ' a priori ' due to Kant . Given your responses , I conclude that either you do n't believe a priori claims exist ( in other words you do n't believe deduction is a valid form of reasoning ) , or you mean by arithmetic statements " 2+2=4 " something other than what mos..

..seems to be little evidence for it , as the increases parallel the Spanish average almost exactly . According to my source , Faulin et al . ( 2009 ) , although increased motor vehicle traffic plays a role as well , much of the emission increases are due to natural gas plants required to support this wind deployment ,  This is what many of BNC 's readers seem to worry about : that renewables lock us in to inefficient and hence emission intensive backup use of fossil fuels . When we need 80% reductions ..

..joy the talents and research of associated faculty from across the university . Interdisciplinary study , faculty-student interaction , and individual mentoring characterize both the graduate and undergraduate programs . Our graduate program thrives due to current graduate students and also a distinguished group of alumni who are leading scholars and professionals . Recent graduates enjoy success in the job market . The Department 's interdisciplinary commitment is also reflected in the undergraduate ..

.. like SIU    Wednesday , June 27 , 2012  Because much of what actually happens in the world is random and unpredictable , after years of drinking essentially no mature German Riesling , in the past few weeks I 've had maybe 20 mature wines . This is due to the generosity of friends - dinners and things like that . What I 'm about to tell you might be old news to you , but WHOA , these wines can be great .  When the wines are great , what really gets me is the seamless combination of impossibly wispy d..

..hen it became poochie . Every name we tried reverted to Poochie . I know he is embarassed around other dogs , but oh well ! Thanks again ! "  -The Datres Family  Tallulah LaMoo  Tallulah was surrendered at 3 weeks old because her mother rejected her due to her cleft palate . We did not seek an adoptive home for her because most veterinarians predict that calves with cleft palates will not survive long term and veterinary technology has not found a reliable surgery or cure to date for cows . Meanwhile ..

.. fall in the NH . This presumably would have the effect of cooling the arctic eventually ( but in reality not necessarily ) and is a negative feedback .  With regards to albedo , you are quite right , you only need an inch of snow to increase albedo due to snow , but remember last winter it snowed to quite low latitudes -- even northern africa . As far as cloudiness goes -- yes you are probably right -- it 's probably not THAT significant . It is mentioned and discussed as a secondary effect . Most sn..

..ith any pharmaceutical , Qsymia does come with a number of possible side effects , including increased heart rate , increased risk of suicidal thoughts or behavior and development of eye problems , such as glaucoma ( an increased pressure in the eye due to fluid blockage ) .  People who take Qsymia also run the risk of having difficulty with attention and concentration , memory and word-finding .  While all of the above are unlikely to occur , Vivus notes the most common side-effects to be tingling in..

..e same RR is maximized when RR = 50% . However , the ensemble performance increases only slightly when mixing receptors of different RR . The increase in the performance when using heterogeneous ensembles is smaller compared to the theoretical model due to the low correlation between olfactory receptors . Finally , we found that adding more receptors to the ensemble increases the odor coding performance .  This study has paid special attention to the role played by the receptive range in chemical info..

..ture exists to knock down any knowledge imbalance or discredit that it exists ( eg educate yourself mamas ! ! ! ! ! ) . Under those conditions , a patient is much more likely to direct their own care ... sadly with incomplete information and sadly , due to poor standards , the DEM may not have any better information .  Certainly women have the right to expect that when they hire a health professional that person will adhere to a certain standard and if that standard is actually not met ( skills and ex..

..epted after seven days , the book will become available again through your Archived Items . You can also attempt to loan the book again at that time .  If the borrower already owns the title , or the title is not available in the borrower 's country due to copyright restrictions , the borrower will not be able to accept the loan . In these cases the lender will be able to read and loan the book again after the seven day period has ended .  Receiving a Kindle Book Loan  If someone has loaned you a Kind..

..happened . "  Hurricane Sandy was downgraded to a superstorm upon landfall last month , but the storm devastated parts of New Jersey and New York , as well as other parts of the East Coast . Thousands on the coast were forced to evacuate their homes due to flooding . More than 110 people in the U.S. died and about 70 people died when the storm hit the Caribbean before arriving on the East Coast . Thousands remained without power Monday , almost two    One of the cool things about the mobile technology..

..gnant . She declined to elaborate on the outcome of the pregnancy .  On his campaign website , DesJarlais espoused an anti-abortion position , saying : " All life should be cherished and protected . We are pro-life . "  One was an abortion of choice due to problems in their marriage , while the other was because his ex-wife was on experimental drugs that could negatively impact a pregnancy .  One wonders what The DesJarlais couple would have done if his Republican colleagues had been successful in out..

..hese plans and probably no more than four new units will come on line by 2020 .  Coal is projected to retain the largest share of the electricity generation mix to 2035 , though by 2020 about 49 GWe of coal-fired capacity is expected to be retired , due to environmental constrains and low efficiency , coupled with a continued drop in the fuel price of gas relative to coal . Coal-fired capacity in 2011 was 318 GWe .  Background to nuclear power  The USA was a pioneer of nuclear power development . a We..

.. pseudo-intelligent manner to inputs and environment . "  &gt;Except that our own intelligence is n't " pseudo-intelligence " and the computer is programmed by an intelligent designer . "  The pseudo-intelligence displayed by computers might just be due to their relative simplicity . If , in 100 years we design a computer capable of similar intelligence as our own , will you still hold that a distinct , fundamental force of intelligence is required for intelligence to exist ? It seems to me that if we..

.. , even by locals who should know where they are going . One other item I note around here that can not be exclusive to us is traffic engineering . I 'd be willing to bet most of us can name a few areas of our home town where U-turns are commonplace due to the road lay out , a nearby plaza or strip-mall entry - whatever . Sometimes , the U-turn is the drivers way of ' fixing ' the situation the traffic engineers did n't or could n't . I 'm also thinking lots of roads and areas are not yet up to spec t..

.. now waiting for . The damage in the indexes builds by the day and any type of 3-7 day rally is going to do little but relieve very oversold conditions . In economic news there was a big spike in weekly unemployment claims but part of that should be due to Sandy ; economists simply did ...  Today 's to the point market recap courtesy of Fox Business , " The markets skidded deep into negative territory Wednesday amid worries about the fiscal cliff and rising tensions in the Middle East . The Nasdaq end..

..ill i close SL  Answered  Unfortunately telling us you have a great graphics card and your internet is fine does n't really tell us very much . What graphics card do you have , are you using wired or wireless connection ( wireless can cause problems due to interference ) and what viewer are you using ? Also , open the login screen ( without logging in ) , select Help &gt; About Second Life ( or whatever viewer you are using ) and then copy/paste the contents of the window into a reply here using Optio..

..e required symptoms of sociopathy , a mental disorder that primarily drives a person to use and abuse those around them .  Azula was nicknamed Crazula by part of the fandom after she went insane following her defeat at the end of the series . Also , due to the release of The Dark Knight the same week of the finale , the fandom also nicknamed her Jozula because of how her insanity fit well with Heath Ledger 's character , Joker . It was so popular that pictures of Azula in Joker make-up sprouted up .  ..

..d Alaska pollock is consumed , but also used for fish paste to simulate crab . The Pacific cod has recently been used as a substitute for Atlantic cod which has been overfished .  The amount of fish available in the oceans is an ever-changing number due to the effects of both natural causes and human developments . It will be necessary to manage ocean fisheries in the coming years to make sure the number of fish caught never makes it to zero . A lack of fish greatly impacts the economy of communities ..

..rding your query . I would suspect , though , that there is no way to sort through what can or can not be shipped to Albania since there are a lot of factors that come into play : product configuration ( such as whether there is an export limitation due to US Department of Defense regulations ) , political restrictions ( such as State Department decisions not to have direct contact with certain countries ) , export licensing of the seller in question ( assuming a seller from Amazon Marketplace ) , wil..

..ndria in the inner-segments . As the location for much of the protein synthesis in photoreceptors , many proteins should be present in this region . We did not detect FIZ1 by immunogold staining in ultra thin sections of P-5 retina , which is likely due to the low sensitivity of this particular technique and a much lower level of FIZ1 protein in P-5 retina . This is consistent with previous findings , showing that FIZ1 concentration in immature neural retina is less than 10% of that found in the matur..

..or 20 years , ti detroyed my family and my life .  Wish I could fix my spelling mistakes , buyt my hand shake and tremble badly , with tremors and involuntary movements . one mistakes is where i meant to say I have not been able to work for 20 years due to illnesses .  I have been lying in bed sick for 20 years , I take morphine so I can eat .. But I think that helps with a little info on my suffering and the VA BS !  If the VA does not want to hear the frakkin truth , then do n't put up a forum where..

..5 million to date .  The GOP convention will be a carefully-staged operation engineered to selling the party and Romney to a national audience . But now , it will be a shortened affair after convention organizers canceled the first day of activities due to an impending hurricane .  But at the same time , Republicans hope the week full of fanfare and heavy local media coverage will help deliver Florida in November for Romney , for whom the path to 270 electoral votes is slim without this swing state . ..

..oundational structure of the economy is completely based upon a system that contains two divergent fault lines , which will , in time converge in disaster . The first fault line consist of the inherent terminal life span of all fiat monetary systems due to the systemic inflationary pressure , the second fault line consist of requirement of absolute widespread public confidence in fiat money itself .  Eventually , these two fault lines converge and the system collapses . Such collapses are not preventa..

..e second holocaust takes place because his support for Israel 's enemies bolster their defiance . Israel will have been our last ally in the middle east . Will American Jews still vote for him after Israel is decimated , and Tel Aviv is cordoned off due to radiation ?  I do n't really know if fibber in chief is a Muslim or a Christian . people like fibber are just too self absorbed and lacking the core values necessary to have any real commitment to any God . Fibber and his ilk are ideologues . They a..

.. Therefore , to say the universe spins implies it is spinning in something else .  I think that is wrong . If the only thing in existence were a single planet , for example , and that planet was rotating , there would be centripetal forces generated due to the rotation . Those forces would not be predicated on anything outside the object . The existence of those forces would be evidence of rotation even though there was nothing else to measure movement against .  " yyz , sounds like the Galaxy Zoo pro..

..e understood essentialization at all , had I not been a ' halfie ' -- someone with enough insider cues to be invited behind the curtain . It is such a strong impulse ! I know Japanese American and Japanese Brazilian friends in Japan to have suffered due to their lack of perfect fluency , which is expected when you ' look ' like you should fit in . They have reported being treated like they are cognitively impaired as well .  This should be something we all take to heart , and conscientiously work into..

..e credit quality of the issuer . Investments in bond ETF products and in fixed income securities are subject to interest rate , credit and inflation risk .  The opinions are those of the authors as of March 2012 and are subject to change at any time due to changes in market or economic conditions . The comments should not be construed as a recommendation of individual holdings or market sectors , but as an illustration of broader themes .  In preparing this document , Janus has relied upon and assumed..

..e creating an environment where minorities are welcome , not the butts of racist jokes that make light of domestic violence . "  Hannah Van Wie-Desisti also backed up those sentiments :  " I used to be so proud of where I came from . Not so much now due to the recent incident . I found it unfathomable that the faculty would not only approve this idea for the skit in the first place , but allow it to go on during the pep rally . I honestly do n't believe that the students meant to offend , but were jus..

..u write again very soon ! 187  April 5 , 2012 at 1:10 pm  Sacco  Dear Krishnaji , Thank you very much for sending brief news about Ghandruk , it ctlrainey has given us pleasure to know what is going on in Ghandruk.I was born and bred in Ghandruk but due to global migration , currently living in the global village in the UK . As such I am always endeavoring to keep myself up to date with the news and views about Ghandruk . The step you have taken is good for those people living abroad . If you would ki..

.. whose rigid structures and newly-cheapened architecture stand in opposition to the nature that surrounds it . These cities strangle nature ; humans are part of nature . The moment I landed in Centraal Station , the chokehold was released -- largely due to the necessity of the Dutch to think about their architecture before they make it . ( Otherwise it would sink into the water ! ) The Dutch put a great deal of care into building a building . My Dutch journalist friend , upon arriving in America , was..

..ulfur lake , found near the Dallol volcano in the Danakil Depression of Ethiopia . The landscape is not unlike Yellowstone National Park 's hot springs , with small geysers and mineral-rich pools dotting the landscape . This lake is ringed in yellow due to high concentrations of natural sulfur , known in ancient times as brimstone .  If lakes of sulfur are n't hellish enough for you , consider this : The nearby mining settlement of Dallol , now a ghost town , holds the record high average temperature ..

..ready exerting tremendous pressure on Tehran via sanctions and diplomatic isolation because of Iran 's nuclear program , there are few arrows left in America 's quiver and thus the United States will find it hard to place additional pressure on Iran due to terrorism .  In this statement I first lay out Iran 's motivations for supporting an array of terrorist groups . I then offer explanations for how , and why , Iran is becoming more aggressive in its use of terrorism in response to a rapidly changing..

..ck . I have since sent many of my clients to her ( I teach Pilates ) and ca n't wait to go back myself .  Review from Kirsten B.  I have been loving Jacquie 's perfect prenatal massages for the past few weeks . I was having some truly gawdawful pain due to working too much , sleeping funky and growing a wee parasitic googoo life form for the past several months . The good folks in my own practice were all booked up and I could n't wait another minute for a session when it finally came to a breaking po..

..nd , Queens County Farm Museum 's Wildlife Weekend or the live Bat Encounter at the American Museum of Natural History . Or celebrate the Day of the Dead at Mano a Mano 's annual fest , which is happening this weekend after being postponed last week due to the storm .  Those are just a few of the things going on this three-day weekend . All of our best bets are below . You can find additional options in our Event Calendar .  All Weekend  Wildlife Weekend -- Douglaston Get up close and personal with an..

..cators is NOT to prepare students for an artificial school environment . It is to prepare them for the world and their worlds require they know how to work effectively in a world where technology is ubiquitous .  I 'm 19 . I left school in 6th grade due to precisely the reasons that Lisa has articulated .  The biggest challenge I faced -- and still face today -- is finding respect . Why do n't we believe in the youth ? We 're born naturally curious . The problem is that when we 're told there one answ..

..ved my country . Now what 's my country doing for me ? "  4 comments  Soldiers and contractors who landed in the military medical system after being in or near explosions were immediately placed on maximum doses of intravenous neurotoxic antibiotics due to MDR Acinetobacter baumannii contamination throughout our military medical evacuation system . See The Invisible Enemy in Iraq http : **35;8616;TOOLONG ...  Not only were they not screening these people with blast injuries for TBI they were creating ..

..humb to wriggle out of the cuff . What is certain is that he definitely did not try to cut through the chain on the cuffs ; it would have been too unbelievable and he clearly does n't    Monday , October 22 , 2012  I 've had to step away for a while due to family emergency , but everything will be alright it looks like and I should be back to work soon . There are various rumblings and subtle-goings on happening behind the scenes . ( I think ) I 'm in the final stages , or at least over the hill . I '..

..ble . The plan is for Peppers to see his snaps decreased and that will make him more effective in the long run . Expect him to wreak havoc in 2012 .  In my opinion , Brian Urlacher is a game changer on defense . Even if his physical play takes a hit due to the knee , he 's still smart enough to make a difference . Until we see otherwise , I 'll assume Urlacher will be out there most of the season playing gridiron chess with opposing quarterbacks .  I think many Bears fans take Lance Briggs for granted..

..or Engle was also offered a contract to play on a men 's league at this time , but her contract was quickly withdrawn . National Association President George Trautman placed a ban on the signing of women players ) . Kamenshek left the league in 1953 due to a back injury and went on to become a physical therapist .  Kamenshek broke new ground for women in athletics at a time when fragility was held up as a valued feminine trait ; she thrived in a male-dominated sport and was loved for it . As Vignola w..

..s that have zero smog abatement systems !  S  This was more of company issues than Obama 's fault . When a company has to go bankrupt , the problems usually come from within , not the investors that gave them money . I believe that the company caved due to competition , lack of appropriate action and probably the demand for solar panels , among other internal things .  S  by the way , private investors have put over a billion into this company .  AP  " But it works in China . Morons like Republicans m..

..ices will report to Congress on Medicaid enrollment , including new and total enrollment .  It definitely appears the health care bill will increase the number of individuals on Medicaid . But , it seems health care facilities could actually benefit due to an increase in Medicaid payments overall . Especially considering expanded coverage is extended to those that were previously uninsured -- residents that probably have a difficult time paying their bills at all .  Mary Ann Heath has been reading and..

..mately US$ 30 million annually , is not insignificant , the United States is ranked 13th among major donors . U.S. assistance to Tanzania is likely to decline in the future , partly as a result of overall aid cuts in foreign aid funding , and partly due to the problems of corruption and fiscal mismanagment in Tanzania . These circumstances could change , should a new democratically-elected government , committed to sound fiscal management and market-oriented economic policies assume leadership in the ..

..d " Oil slick on Lebanese shores " .  By its terms , the Assembly would reiterate , for the seventh consecutive year , its deep concern over the destruction by the Israeli Air Force of oil storage tanks near Lebanon 's El- Jiyeh electric power plant due to its adverse implications for sustainable development in that country . By other terms , the Assembly would request that Israel assume responsibility for paying prompt and adequate compensation to Lebanon and Syria -- whose shores had also been parti..

.. drilling investment made during the Bush administration , particularly in the offshore , which makes up about a half of the early increases . Some of this is in the form of lead time between discovery and first production , and some is from success due to knowledge and experience gained in the early drilling phases of new plays like those mentioned above , much of which started in the Bush administration .  3 ) Price . Since the years 2004-2008 were years of rising prices , companies were spending pr..

