..onomy . It 's biased towards equality but understands the realities of economics .  Fairness is not just an end-in-itself , but also a means to facilitate wider goals -- a more productive economy and a more sustainable environment . This is not just because of the positive productivity outcomes from tackling social inequality , ill-health and educational disadvantage , it is also a matter of politics in a divided society and what is needed to achieve consensus for change . That 's why a good deal of my th..

..ll remain shut down until the beginning of next year , months longer than the operators had originally planned .  In July , the Australian Nuclear Science and Technology Organisation ( ANSTO ) revealed the newly-commissioned reactor had difficulties because of a leak , three months after it was opened by the Prime Minister .  ANSTO also said there were problems with unstable nuclear fuel rods used to power the reactor 's core .  SmithW :  02 Apr 2011 10:52:43pm  Go tell it to the Japanese people , who are..

..leading economists and currency experts ...  It 's a very conventional economic reason and that is when you go back and look at the last quarterly GDP numbers , what you can see is that we 're experiencing a higher level of private sector investment because of mine building . And when that happens , when you have a higher level of investment , you draw in a higher level of capital inflow to drive that investment .  Whereas in Europe obviously they 're in recession or soft growth at best , which means inve..

...  But really how many of the injured players out at the moment can be traced back to work load and not a freak incident or collision ? Genia played non stop for 2 years without injury ( form no so good some of that time ) but is now on the sideline because of an incident where he got caught in the wrong position in a ruck , nothing to do with work load .  But really how many of the injured players out at the moment can be traced back to work load and not a freak incident or collision ? Genia played non s..

..ack says :  12:18pm 31/10/12  Successive Labor state governments aides by various tree hugger organizations have legislated personal responsibility out of the equation - hence we all now live in ' nanny states ' where you can get as sick as you like because of your poor lifestyle choices , and the government will pick up the tab . We all pay for this largesse though , in our ever increasing taxes . It should be user pays - if your a fat arse , you pay for your lapband surgery ( you can afford all that foo..

..t there was no continent to the south and west of Tahiti , discovered the east coast of New Zealand and charted its coasts , and discovered and charted the east coast of Australia . During this voyage Cook discovered and named Botany Bay ( so called because of the many botanists on board Endeavour ) . But when Cook reached Batavia on 10 October 1770 , malaria and dysentery spread among the crew . A number died at Batavia and on the way back to the Cape . The expedition had been , however , a great success..

..tween Myanmar and India , I do n't think China has any space to talk about that .  But because China cares about the security of its immigrants and investment , I think China will try its best to ask the government of Myanmar to keep the peace . But because of the balanced diplomacy of the Myanmar Government , they are also in touch with India and the US , so I do n't think China has a very powerful influence .  From Khmerization : China has invested heavily in the Cambodian economy , but is also heavily ..

..ces that the marginalised often find themselves in . So , smelling badly , not being able to think as one educated ( whatever that means ) and dressing poorly is synonymous with -- those that are not normal . Not only are they a lower class of being because of their racial identity , but they feel the brunt of some Christians ' ire because they smell , speak poorly and/or dress shabbily .  This deliberate use of race and associated social characteristics are highlighted by racists out of self-interest , w..

.. limitations would lead me to suggest some sort of rotation or roster of cultures , say each culture one gets its own day ( or more depending on significance ) of the year ?  Just on the recognition component , I think it is becoming less meaningful because of how often it is done , becoming more notable by its absence these days than its presence . The equivalent would be people feeling it necessary to have a minutes silence at the start of all events to honor Australian soldiers . And I have begun to wo..

..n I recently wrote about wanting to up my game to serve my tribe better , I still worried that by opening up and being vulnerable that I would put people off .  And it got me wondering ; where else in life do we dim the luminosity of our inner truth because of the fear we will be judged , excluded or unloved ?  Vulnerability can be crystallised into one core fear -- the fear of not being good enough . So , we hide our true self through control .  We try to control what others will think of us by only pres..

..lians have poorer health outcomes , higher rates of chronic disease and higher death rates from preventable disease than people in capital cities .  a 2010 AIHW study found that around 4,600 rural Australians died unnecessarily between 2004 and 2006 because of where they live .  despite the desperate need for more doctors in rural Australia , fewer than 13% of medical graduates want to practice in rural areas and only 13% of these want to become a GP .  a 2008 study found that only 4.29% of medical gradua..

..was a place to stay for the rich and famous . In the early days of the 2000s it was ripped apart and turned into apartments . I recall someone telling R that the noise levels from the other apartments was horrendous and the person moved out , solely because of the noise . I think this would be in the original part , not the new additional building . In the nineties within the Chevron was a nightclub called The Dome , presided over by a drag , Miss Jane . We never attended as we were getting a bit too old ..

..f assignments or a certificate showing that a company has changed its name .  If you have a granted patent and discover that your name is recorded incorrectly , you can ask us to change your name only if the incorrect recording of your name happened because of a clerical error or it is obvious that there is a mistake with the name .  A clerical error is a very specific type of error . It is an error that is made in the course of writing or copying . For example , if you intended to write one thing and , b..

..if anyone was interested .  And then the discussion about it with Gretel is at the start of this video :  I found BB to be a valuable tool for promoting discussion re : gays and other topics that would not normally be discussed on a day to day basis because of the isolated and insular community that we live in ( yes , we are a bunch of red-necked , homophobic , sheep rootin ' , pig shootin ' , kissin ' cousins etc ) . Hopefully , as the post above mentions , those discussions and seeing gay hms as ordinar..

..ave . I personally never thought about ISC vs . BC like this . I think BC is less work for them and more profit and on the other hand different people use BC comparing people who use ISC . I think people who are able to change php code are using ISC because of the flexibility of that . People who use BC are people who do n't understand php . Seeing some BC sites , I think those people are working from home and are more often small retailers ( one man companies ) . The core functions/code of ISC and BC hav..

..hat , while some ecologists are good at applied science , most are not . To give one controversial example , theoretical scientists have warned us of the consequences of climate change but the solutions adopted by our Australian government will fail because of multiple failures to understand the on-ground impact of those solutions . Another seemingly pedantic comment is that the word ' restoration ' which you use a number of times in your article is the wrong one to define what you and I want to do to fix..

..icity bill claiming that the considerable increase in the bill was due to the carbon tax ?  In fact the increase had nothing to do with the tax ( it was just less than 10% as the government claimed it would be ) but that the increase in the bill was because of a very considerable increase in usage ?  Michael :  10 Oct 2012 10:58:08am  I 'm not sure how this fits in with the article . Any way you could explain why you are detailing what everyone I know , men and women , want in politics when the article is..

.. get where I am career wise , &; find it disgusting that you think you have the right to tell me to do something to help my people . You do something to help yours &; maybe I may think about it . I 've deliberately stayed away from the public sector because of the thought processes of people like you - Most automatically assume because I have a good job I 'm in the public service , like thats the only damn thing I qualify for .....  Ghost says :  Nombre says :  09:00am 20/07/11  While as an Aboriginal I f..

.. article about violence against women . It purports to be an article about domestic violence but hijacks it as a women 's only issue perpetrated by men only . That is not the truth about domestic violence and your tendency to disbelieve male victims because of their gender is exactly the results that campaigns of this nature create .  fairgo :  09 Dec 2011 11:27:35am  I would be suprised and very happy that someone actually published an article on here about men and the DV they suffer as well .  But Goro ..

..The Greek banks will collapse overnight ( the government would have to freeze deposits ) , government salaries can not be paid and the economy and country will collapse overnight . The only reason why Greece looks like a modern Euro country today is because of all the European grants over the last 15 years and of course the cheap Euros . They will revert to the poorest of the poorest without any rich euro uncle to throw them a few scraps .  Already one imagines that the Generals are handwringing over the ..

..to Qantas shares rising almost 6 per cent to $1.30 early on Thursday despite suggestions from some investors that it overshadowed a disappointing earnings forecast for the first half .  Advertisement  Qantas did not give guidance for the second half because of volatile conditions , uncertainty in global economic conditions , fuel prices and foreign exchange rates . It will also spend $100 million less on capital requirements this financial year than previously forecast .  The chairman , Leigh Clifford , s..

.. work in palliative care ) seeing the suicide probably would n't affect me as much as it would those who had never dealt with death before .  Now dealing with people dying of terminal disease , and people , especially young people taking their lives because of not being able to get the help they need in no way make dealing with unnecessary death easier .  I guess this is another side to suicides , those strangers who are involved . Those people who just have to get on with their lives without any assistan..

..st things so that they appear factual and learned but often they are little more than misguided pontifications .  There are millions of refugees in the world and we can only play a small part in assisting the problem . Most of them are made refugees because of ' tribalism ' in their homelands and your promotion of the current wave of " irregular maritime arrivals ' is introducing more tribalism into Australia .  The attitude of the majority of Australians , an attitude you do not appear to understand , is..

..alian Bight is a cloudy place in December . " He was dead right .  Ceduna pharmacist Ken McCarthy remembers the day . " After about two years preparing for the eclipse , the town was expecting 20,000 visitors but only about 13,000 actually showed up because of the cloud , " he says . " The volunteering spirit of the Sydney Olympics caught on and many locals acted as hospitality guides . " Ceduna turned its sporting ovals into tent cities and used the clubhouse kitchens for catering . The main street of Ce..

..e 's allowed to dislike vaginas -- but by the fact that he was made to resign over them . It was completely contemptible of Abbott to raise this motion , and equally disappointing that Windsor and Oakeshott pushed the ex-speaker out of the aeroplane because of it .  Let 's get one thing straight : unless Australia has suddenly morphed into an Orwellian state in which thought-crime is to be policed , I MUST be allowed to say whatever I damn well please in private conversation , whether that involve the c-w..

..ne , I think about what my child or my friends ' children would like to have as a gift- children preference/the questions that would guide my decision making :  Is it attractive to the child ?  Yes , it may looks attractive to adults or to the child because of the colours or the sound effects however it may not sustain interest for long . My daughter gets bored easily with certain type of toys and they do n't seem interesting to her at all after few days .  Is it safe ? -age appropriated ?  Yes or no , ea..

..orrect in reliability or security , the more you have online the more vulnerable it becomes .  Even Microsoft have major outages have a look at last years outages for Office 365 and the Cloud based mail providers .  I have had many clients jump ship because of this as they could not provide a fully robust solution .  What you might be saving on internal infrastructure you will probably spend in supplying your office with higher speed internet service , and what happens when your office ca n't have the hig..

.. else do you have ? ! " When I said I 'd purchased the themed treats as something cute and with the trend of the day she fixed me with a stare that made me want to crawl up and die . I did something nice and was made to feel inconsiderate and stupid because of it . On the small scale- THIS is what is wrong with the country I want to love so much .  Albo :  Alpo :  17 Jan 2012 11:31:32am  Thanks Clementine , this is a good and intelligent article . We ignore the changes that are occurring in our society ( ..

..in-hole so that the water level in the bath remains static that represents the annual carbon cycle . To the bath tub add one cupful of water at a time , to represent the small human contribution , until the tub overflows . Now did the water overflow because of the amount going in and out via the tap and the drain-hole , or was it due to the extra cupfuls that you were adding ? This basic experiment seems lost on those who call themselves The Climate Sceptics . One moment they claim that humans are only in..

..final six months . Whatever you did that got you to your last six months will carry you over the threshold . How do I know this ? Well , when the examiners award you the degree at the end of your viva and you emerge out into the street near to tears because of tension/tiredness/ relief etc. you 'll ask yourself " how did I pass that ? " The answer is simple ; its because you carried on , and that is stamina .  Thanks Greg . I do agree that stamina is a large part of it . In fact the most common thing I he..

.. for Railways ( NSW ) ( 1964 ) 112 CLR 125 at 128 -- 129 and the other cases referred to in No issue to be tried at 2-6910 .  Where the facts are peculiarly within the defendant 's knowledge , the plaintiff 's claim should not be summarily dismissed because of gaps in the plaintiff 's case if the necessary evidence might be obtained as a result of discovery or interrogatories : Wickstead v Browne ( 1992 ) 30 NSWLR 1 at 11 .  Similarly , one of a number of defendants can not be entitled to summary dismissa..

..t to trust and obey and will stumble and fall away and betray one another and pursue one another with hatred .  11And many false prophets will rise up and deceive and lead many into error .  12And the love of fthe great body of people will grow cold because of the multiplied lawlessness and iniquity ,  13But he who endures to the end will be saved .  14And this good news of the kingdom ( the Gospel ) will be preached throughout the whole world as a testimony to all the nations , and then will come the end..

..seemed to have affected the way her case was handled . He said she was removed with undue haste and her serious physical and mental health problems received insufficient attention .  He also said a major opportunity to find Ms Alvarez Solon was lost because of the limited ability to do searches on department databases .  The report found two senior officers in Brisbane and one in Canberra were aware Ms Alvarez Solon had been unlawfully removed as early as 2003 but covered up the bungle .  She was finally ..

.. vitamins and minerals to the mix whilst pregnant . Phew ! But if you play out this scenario for a sec -- a woman who falls pregnant whilst on the pill , is more likely to have a child who is unsettled , jittery , cries a lot and generally unhappy ( because of this nutritional deficiency ) . Combine this with being a new mother who 's also nutritionally lacking ( contributing to post natal depression , poor milk supply ) , tired , upset and stressed -- it 's a disastrous start . What about baby bliss ? Wo..

.. lucky a week ) now , when i could go everyday . An article on this would be great !  Am with you on this girls .. love sex .. ca n't understand what 's not to love about it .. def find myself initiating it quite a lot .. glad i 'm not alone on this because often think i am unusual due to girlfriends comments and posts such as this ... am in my early thirties now and find as i get older i am liking it even more .. aggh !  I 'm a man who is in a long term relationship in exactly the same position -- at the..

..ed , they show a distinct relationship between the speed of their ejected material and their colour : the faster ones are slightly redder and the slower ones are bluer .  Previously , astronomers assumed that redder explosions only appeared that way because of intervening dust , which would also dim the explosion and make it appear farther than it was . Trying to correct for this , they would incorrectly calculate that the explosion was closer than it appeared .  Foley 's work showed that some of the colo..

..re all on the same side . No need to be so bitter or chauvanistic about one little article . You    Can companies wait on a mobile payments strategy ? Experts say no  The mobile space is one of the fastest-evolving in all of the technology world and because of that , it 's no surprise that many companies are struggling to keep up .  From the smallest business struggling to figure out how to build a mobile-friendly website to the largest consumer internet brands struggling to build compelling mobile experi..

..Ts wrath and hamper its mass growth . As a short-term agenda , it plans to support any coup by a section of the army .  Immediate perspective  Will the fundamentalists capture power in Pakistan ? We can safely say no , at least for the near future , because of the balance of forces in the Pakistani state . However , in case of a coup by a fundamentalist section of the army , their rule can not be excluded even in the near future .  In the long run they may become a mass force capable of forming a governme..

..ing over the line and not triumphantly storming home , however everyone needs to remember that 1 ) he has n't actually won anything yet and 2 ) Mr Lauire says nothing about Mr Swan being a good treasurer and deserving to win , just that he could win because of our countries relative strength at the moment , if anything our country as a whole should win , not Mr Swan  Coxy says :  ikuj says :  oakley frogskins says :  12/07/12  Amazing blog ! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere ..

..C FURY ...  A taxpayer funded report has warned the Federal government that celebrating the centenary of ANZAC Day could promote division in multicultural Australia . The centenary is a " double edged sword " and a " potential area of divisiveness " because of multiculturalism .  What a media beat up ! What a waste of taxpayer 's money and what an absolute load of crap . I doubt whether there are any new Australians or parts of ethnic Australia that support any such views . If anything the division betwee..

.. home with another little girl . I hope every woman could have a healthy baby and a smooth pregnancy ... every woman deserves to hold their baby and hear their cries .  continued from the other post . the dr told me I had a 20% chance of loosing her because of the surgery but my appendix had burst and it was a mess they said infection was everywhere in my abdomen I am lucky to have survived I had to deal with a lot after the loss of my baby I have other children but I cant have anymore due to complication..

.. secure housing . ( Note that homeless services are no longer funded under this Act , so this definition is now somewhat redundant . )  Importantly , in order to successfully apply to have your fines cancelled on the grounds of special circumstances because of a mental or intellectual condition or a drug or alcohol addiction , you must show either that this condition resulted in you not understanding that the conduct was an offence or caused you to be unable to control the behaviour that led to the issue ..

.. sooooo Wednesday afternoon . Frustration is now boiling over as desperate locals queue up to six hours for petrol .  Across New York and New Jersey , up to 80 per cent of gas stations remain closed after the storm . The stations are closed not only because of a supply shortage , but because power is still out , and power is required to pump petrol .  Oh how I was hoping these kinds of reports did n't eventuate . With public transport crippled by flooding , a lot of people have had to walk everywhere . Ma..

..ne expresses a contrary view , whether it is on religious , or like our PM - sociocultural grounds - they are abused and labelled as homophobic and intolerant . A friend of mine who is an Ethicist refuses to engage in public debate around this issue because of the behaviour of the public . Homophobic is actually a very poor word . Literally " fear of homosexuals " - ( and the real semantics will argue it is " fear of similarity " ) - it is not accurate . For some hatred and fear are real drivers of their ..

..ember of Commission of the National House of Representatives ( DPR-RI ) during a focus group discussion at the campus of Udayana University on September 18 , 2012 .  Quoted by Beritabali.com , Paulus said : " Bali needs protection under special laws because of the island 's unique character . Bali needs special attention and special regulations . There is a need for specific laws that will protect Bali 's culture and natural environment , permitting the culture of Bali to strengthen . "  Sumino 's believe..

..ry specific plan and a very tight schedule when it comes to their marketing , where each piece of information released is done so at a very specific time in order to best promote their product and ensure the most amount of anticipation for the title because of hyped announcements . These companies do n't usually come up with these plans on their own , they pay a marketing team to plan out and manage these Marketing schedules . i ca n't really blame them for not wanting to throw away the huge amount of eff..

.. aim to come to Australia is to get a good degree , so that when i return Pakistan i may get good job , actually am a pharmacist and if i have MBA from some reputable place i can start a successful marketing career in pharmaceutical industries , and because of low GPA i can not go to LSE , and LUMS only enroll only 25 students per annum , so my chance are NIL , My question is that , is MBA from Australia is really worthy or not ? i mean , when i will come back to Pakistan with Australian MBA , will it imp..

..ailure to pass and he can then ask the Governor General to dissolve parliament providing a normal election is not due within six months . It is easily seen that Smith 's interpretation is just plain stupid . There would never have been a DD election because of a hostile Senate under Smith 's asinine suggestion !  In correct . This would not constitute a D.D . trigger because the bill needs to be formally blocked once . I do agree with you that " failure to pass " is ambiguous on the second attempt and has..

..rse before leaving to S. Sudan so now I have started a weekly English class using the bible as the English text . I am working through the Old Testament with the class because the Old Testament has not been translated into their own language . Again because of your generosity I have been able to purchase a classroom set of bibles .  I am still going every Saturday to different parts of the refugee camp playing volleyball , showing films ( especially the Jesus Film ) and preaching the gospel . The turnouts..

..you are treating someone who finds they are lacking in social competence there are a number of avenues to investigate . All too often it can be taken as insensitivity or , worse still , as lack of care or empathy . These may be the issues that arise because of the difficulty , but the problems we see are so often messages about something deeper or more fundamental that needs our attention .  Recognising faces and reading faces is a distinct neurological capacity that can improve with practice . Clients wh..

..that the assignment of base bonuses was a source of randomness . They may well have been somewhat arbitrary , but once assigned , they contributed little to the variability of each manager 's income . The only effect they did have on variability was because of the 95% rule . Right below the breakpoint , a given increase in revenues that carried revenues past 95% of target induced a bigger change in the manager 's income ( more variability or risk ) the larger was the base bonus . But for performance far f..

.. since the last dam was constructed .  The catalyst to construct the delsal plant at Wonthaggi was not the cyclical dry period but the advice from " experts " who had bought the AGW mantra that it would never rain again with the previous intensities because of our fossil fuel burning activities .  In light of the value of the water stored in dams during that " dry " and considering Melbourne 's population growth , actual and projected , the rational response , in this land of " droughts and flooding rains..

..f whether that is with a day to day , every week or even every month foundation . The idea overly painless check out that shoe store and additionally dedicate a person 's extra money concerning clothing or even various products , although in regards because of the application , make an effort to check out when which income can be superior applied some place else . Getting $50 on the way to your credit balances or simply as part of your piggy bank will make much more impression when compared to acquiring a..

..d a single , hearing , minute of this period and regret my own lateness to that particular party .  I 've been thinking recently , not so much how much my hearing has improved in the last year , but of the increased quality of life I 'm experiencing because of it .  I 've said in the past that I am now no longer afraid that someone will talk to me . I may not hear every single thing , but I can be fairly confident that in most cases I 'll catch on sooner rather than later . This is absolutely huge .  I kn..

..elpline : 1800 882 436  For all emergencies , please call 000 immediately  Remember , the information in these information pages is of a general nature only be used or relied on as an alternative to professional care .    Main menu  Post navigation  because of all the mental things that happened to me ...  .... I got shallow . And my physical being could have been improved , as well as my mentality .  Yes , just one of the many classic quotes from ' Muriel 's Wedding ' .  Back in 1994 when this movie firs..

.. cycling down Sydney Rd in peak hour , any other riding feels safe . So personally , and yes anecdotally I am seeing two types of cyclist in Melbourne , like the Netherlands " wheel runners " at pace and regular cyclist using the bike as a utility , because of not owning a car . My point , the tag of fear aside . Tell me why regular people are not cycling ? But commuting , going to cafe , restaurants , shopping , children going to school all in 1500kg + of STEEL CAGE or more . Distance is an issue , sure ..

..een South America and Antarctica is required for the development of the ACC , evidence of a zenith of Eocene tectonic activity in the Scotia arc alone is insuf ? cient to constrain the ACC onset that may have caused or contributed to Oi-1 glaciation because of the signi ? cant sill depths required to allow such circulation ( Livermore et al. , 2007 ) . However , the 5 Myr lag between the timing of the provenance shift recorded herein ( ca. 39 Ma ) and the Oi-1 glaciation ( ca. 34 Ma ) may have allowed tim..

..of the matter and laying out his climbing clothes advantageously on the faint heater ; he again encountered Nicole 's telegram , still unopened , with which diurnally she accompanied his itinerary . He had delayed opening it before supper -- perhaps because of the garden . It was a cablegram from Buffalo , forwarded through Zurich .  " Your father died peacefully tonight . HOLMES . "  He felt a sharp wince at the shock , a gathering of the forces of resistance ; then it rolled up through his loins and sto..

..vation . Would it not be smarter to reduce access to the population driver in the first instance . Nets seem a far more long term solution to the problem .  Jane says :  12:25pm 13/09/12  Native fruit , not introduced . They eat the introduced crops because of habitat lost , including native feeding grounds .  Bird poo is more corrosive then bat  carolb says :  12:38pm 13/09/12  Do not be deceived by the fact that they roost in colonies , sometimes very large , to think that they are in healthy numbers . ..

.. ?  Believe it or not , a lot of people who are fresh from high school respect you for your age , and contributions you can make to discussions based on life experience . There 'll always be people who discriminate either explicitly or inadvertantly because of your age .  I have had tutors mention they get a handful of ' mature age ' students who say they feel silly because they 're old and think that people look at them like that , when I think the reasonable reality could n't be any further from that . ..

..rd ?  You think you are quite important : your studies , your research work , your publications , your social standing , your name , your political activities , the positions you hold , your wealth ... your age : you 're no longer a child ! ... Just because of all that , you , more than others , need a Director for your soul . ( The Way , 63 )  2000/02/20  The holiness of Christ ? s Spouse has always been shown ? as it can be seen today ? by the abundance of good shepherds . But our christian faith , whic..

..e round . What Americans and the rest of the world wanted from the first black President was always impossible -- he was set on a pedestal of formidable heights . His administration has done some fine things ; it finally ended the Iraq war ( as much because of how expensive it had become for the debt-ridden country as it was to do with an amelioration of the country 's foreign policy ) and Obamacare , while weak and watered down , was a step in the right direction in a country where many lack basic health..

..mental scientists , jailers , police , etc. invariably protest and claim nefarious motives and attract the attention of opposition politicians and advocacy websites . And that is fine . But when the headline suggests that " science " is under attack because of spending cuts , when spending for science is actually up , it is my opinion that it is no more than typical political rhetoric and will be dismissed as such by the public .  Smith - Canadian government scientists can not directly communicate with th..

..isabled , barely human right ?  What 's wrong with putting him in a place where he is able to get help ?  TheRealDave says :  01:46pm 26/06/12  Why does his ' human rights ' trump everyone elses ' human rights ' fml ? ?  As I said in my post below - because of the stigma and abuses of the past the proper care people like Tom need is n't going to happen until we get a government with the balls to just get in and do it and cop the rubbish people like Sally will start writing about and wringing their hands ...

..mmed , the tooth fairy , the spaghetti monster , any other imaginary figure with superpowers . But so what ? We are allowed in a secular free society to do this . The reason those involved in Innocence of Muslims had to hide their names is obviously because of the violent behaviour of Muslims , which is a form of terrorism , designed to make people too fearful of saying anything about the religion . It would have been merely self-protection for the producers . Other than that , everyone is only guessing a..

..esident Vladimir Putin on Friday 14 September , a vote that the person described as Stalinist show trial and marks a hardening of the Kremlin 's crackdown against dissidents .  A vote in the Duma Gennady Gudkov deprived of his parliamentary immunity because of the charges against him and denies the subject , calling them " farce " . He is accused of exercising business activities alongside its parliamentary mandate , which is prohibited and may be punishable by two years in prison .  " POLITICAL VENDETTA ..

..ranger , simply on trust and faith .  ... As you can probably tell , I am very proud of my son . He is soaking up all the experiences and has even developed a previously non-existent interest in history and architecture !  This has all been possible because of the wonderful SEA people and their vision and work in co-ordination and co-operation with other like-minded countries . Thank you all very much . "  Gillian son , Marco went to Germany with Student Exchange Australia New Zealand .  Melanie ( QLD )  ..

..ear a headband called a Mongkhon and armbands known as Pra Jiad during the ceremony , and the Ram Muay may be accompanied by music . The Mongkhon is unique to Thai boxing and not worn in Cambodia or Burma .  Music is an integral part of Muaythai and because of it , this art of self defence has become an extension of one of Thailand 's dramatic arts .  The musical instruments orchestrated in the background of the Wai Khru rituals and in the competitions consist of the Ta Pong or Glong-Kag ( Two face drum )..

..not exactly a chef in the kitchen , but that just gives me an excuse to head to Zambrero for a burrito !  What is your passion outside of work ?  I love to travel . I arrived in Australia in October 2011 on a work and holiday visa . I travelled here because of my extreme interest in visiting and experiencing other countries . Learning about other cultures and societies is an extremely rewarding and enlightening process .  Who is your idol and why ?  My parents are my idols . They have shown true persevera..

..ucing insecticides . There are also plants that yield twine for weaving baskets , furniture and often even beautiful and elaborate cladding for the homes of forest dwelling people .  Rainforests have been described as the global heat and water pumps because of their influence on climate . Rainforests are dark , and like a dark car parked in the hot sun they absorb heat . Above a rainforest the air is cooler so it is more likely to rain . Inside the rainforest , beneath the dense canopy , humidity stays hi..

..' Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water ' . See also strapline .  tailpiece or tail-piece : A surprising or humorous observation at the end of a story or bulletin , associated with the story or bulletin but standing apart from it because of its subject matter or tone . Also called a kicker ( see definition 4 ) . In printing , an illustration at the end of a chapter .  talent : Someone invited to be interviewed on radio or television .  talkback : ( 1 ) A type of radio program in which ..

.. wife , because we need another network of friends and people to relate to . Finding decent friends in Thailand , like Stickman wrote in his last column , Fragile Friendships , is not easy here . If you find them , they are not easy to keep , either because of the Thai style , influences them too much , and other problems come easy in Thailand , helping to break up good friendships because we get a little bit tense living here . You know what I mean . So if you get " good " friends in Thailand , take care..

.. because we all live in a home and therefore we all have reasonable knowledge of what is good real estate and what is not . A quick snapshot of investing in property includes :  Well-chosen residential property is guaranteed to rise in the long term because of the basic fact that the land is in short supply and our population is increasing .  Tenancy and maintenance issues must be managed properly . Your property investing must be treated as seriously as you would any other business venture .  Property gi..

..time and I really needed a breath . It was heavy , deep black water and I was trying to pull myself up to the surface with my leash but just was n't making any ground . I knew the next wave was coming but I did n't feel like I could handle two waves because of the small breath I got before I went down . All of a sudden , the energy of the wave stopped pulling me down and the color of the water lightened a little and I decided to use what little energy I had left to breast-stroke to the surface . I went fo..

..ark chocolate lovers and purists . This chocolate is intense , pure 85% bittersweet dark chocolate . It tastes fruity and bold and is a perfect treat for anyone that loves high quality dark chocolate .  The Dark Quinoa bar was my favorite of the two because of the texture that the quinoa adds . The chocolate is also high quality dark chocolate that is rich , fruity and delicious and the toasted , nutty quinoa adds an amazing crunchy texture . Love this bar !  I was also lucky enough to try the Organic Roy..

..- and I can tell you now , it 's no walk in the park ! I was unable to communicate at all    Reefs around the world can be roughly divided into two types by their global positions : tropical or temperate . These reef types function in different ways because of the different types of animals that live there , and the oceanic influences surrounding them , but each of has to conform to some rules of nature . One essential rule is that matter is neither created or destroyed ! This means that every drop of wat..

.. the 21st Century 1950s paranoid rhetoric !  If ever there was a story that spelt bad news for the ACT , nay , the demise of our western civilisation , then this is it .  Speaking of alarmism , why do we need a carbon tax again ?  Oh that 's right , because of a need to avoid " the demise of our western civilisation " due to climate phenomena ( too much rain , not enough rain , higher temperatures , lower temperatures , huge increases in sea levels , wild storms etc ) which arise solely due to human activ..

..t has been apprehended , because it is at this point that the media CAN do some severe damage and impede any chances of the suspect having a fair trial , increasing the risk they will walk off scot-free .  Absolutely ! The arrest of this suspect was because of solid police work . It had nothing to do with the media . Instead of journalists beating their chests when they had nothing to do with it , how about a story on why he was arrested so quickly . That 's where the real story is . I 'm soooo sick of ou..

..tion . All passengers are to ensure they have relevant travel documents/visas where necessary .  Where can I get my visa or travel permit from ? Can your call centre or cabin crew help ? Can I get a refund if I can not check-in or board the aircraft because of immigration/customs matters ?  Please check with the respective immigration authorities of the country you are travelling to . We are unable to assist you in obtaining a visa as we have no authority over immigration matters .  It is the sole respons..

..y are valued . Pay them fairly , ( aged care has one of the lowest rates of pay in the country ) , and give them your loyalty . If you treat people like sh*t , you will reap the consequences .  People who work in the caring industries , do not do so because of the huge pay , they do so because they care , but employees can only take so much from an ignorant , greedy employer . Want good workers ? , then become a good employer .  Big Ben :  30 May 2012 9:09:04am  Thanks Greg - excellent offering . Very inf..

..prisoned by the Chancellor , the King ? s Privy Counsel , the Courts of Admiralty , The Court of High Commission and its prerogative courts including its inquisitorial processes featured by the hated ' star chamber court ' at Westminster , so called because of the stars on its ceiling . Conversely , the common law preference of accusatorial processes had long been a fixture of Anglo-Saxon history . The modern writ of Habeas Corpus dates from this history . During this period , the sheer frequency of which..

..held accountable for the negligent and reckless acts or omissions of their predecessor . How can this continue in modern Australia ?  And it gets worse . There has rarely existed an opportunity for victims to seek redress against the Catholic Church because of statute-of-limitation laws that apply strict timelines for civil legal recourse . Even where provision exists for an extension of time , church authorities in the past have taken steps to transfer claims to states where no such legislative ' ' chanc..

.. 5:01 PM October 19 , 2012  After reading these first few comments , I wonder how many people have you been rude to because they do n't " fit " your agenda ? How many of those people were lonely or trying to socialise after an absence from the scene because of people just like you ? What does it hurt to be polite ? You need n't give them your address or phone number , but a few    what do YOU Stand Tall for ?  by KylieP on September 4 , 2012  On this note , I was recently honoured to be a invited to guest..

.. personalised segment that it is hard to have any disagreement with .  I do not see anywhere in the article a recognition of the " economic refugees " that form a part of the traffic . Not all the arrivals or those seeking to come here are desperate because of human rights abuses . Some simply want a better , more prosperous lifestyle . Whilst that desire can not be criticised in itself , the general trend by refugee activists and apologists is to ignore that and paint all refugee traffic with the same hu..

..o cross in spite of searching for three days along its banks at the present day sight of Albury .  On the 20th they decided to try to build a boat . It proved to be difficult , as they had been forced to leave the carts beside the Goodradigbee River because of the roughness of the terrain . Hovell patched the remaining tarpaulin , making use of his skill as a sail maker .  The men built a misshaped wooden frame , and secured the tarpaulin to it . To their delight the contraption floated .  On 7 December ,..

..you want to be but you will conquer them all if it is a Core Desire .... a 100 on the scale .  Eric Hoffer said this : " It seems that intense desire creates not only its opportunities but its own talents . " Any one who succeeded at anything did so because of Core Desires , a 100 on the scale .  Once you discover a 100 on the scale you are then motivated , from within , to learn and do whatever is needed to get to your Core Desires . Barriers and obstacles may slow you down but they will not stop you ach..

..mphasised that the system is still not back to normal .  ANDREW CUOMO : Service will not be normal tomorrow and we need you to understand that before you enter the system . A ) the volume is going to be way up tomorrow . The schools will be open and because of the gas problem you 'll have many more people on mass transit    New Head for ANU School of Music  Dr Peter Tregear .  I am delighted to announce that Dr Peter Tregear will be the new head of the ANU School of Music .  Dr Tregear has extensive inter..

..s created inflation that will lead to social unrest . It risks a deflationary collapse . Others seem China and emerging economies caught in price / wage spiral that ca n't be controlled through traditional monetary , fiscal and legislative control - because of wage inflation . Faith in China driving growth will be lost - and the world will be left with deflationary adjustments starting in US and then Europe 1 .  An asset bubble is China 's main short-term obstacle to economic growth - though a hard landin..

..fer more depreciation ) , yet you do n't see any stories from ' experts ' spruiking doom    I 've spent the last couple of weeks bemoaning the way men talk about women .  Morris , a senior ( and I 'm one , too ) , insulted ABC journalist Leigh Sales because of her tough interviewing style by calling her a cow . Last Friday , senior radio presenter Jones ( and I 'm a senior , too ) said women - and he mentioned Sydney Lord Mayor Clover Moore and former chief commissioner of Victoria Police Christine Nixon ..

..ool .  Comment posted on May 15th , 2009 at 7:21 pm by Doco  Andrew , my bad  Comment posted on May 15th , 2009 at 7:22 pm by Doco  Ruth are you proud of your kids or do n't you have any . People should'nt be judging Matty , are they all judging him because of jealousy . Everyone should be able to say they have made mistakes , even the judges . He confessed his sins to his family after the event and has lived with the guilt , and seems to be the only one with the guts to own up to it . Channel nine needs ..

.. are conducted in inaccessible premises , when an accessible venue could have been used without unjustifiable hardship .  Dismissal , or other termination of employment  Direct discrimination  Discrimination may be found if  an employee is dismissed because of an incorrect view that his or her disability prevents performance of the inherent requirements of the job  an employee with a disability is dismissed as the means of resolving workplace conflict related to the disability  employees with a disability..

.. And if they do n't like Kingdom Hearts , just try to leave it out of a conversation with that person .  Tell them you are a video game fan and not an anime fan . They should get it then . But i think some of your friends are right , if you Loved KH because of the Plot , then there are anime out there that you will like .  That 's some thing I have often wondered . We searched around and found a great website with the latest types onto it and all sorts of within HD too . It 's so great    It ai n't easy b..

..s joke )  REVIEWS  Funny &; Weird Photos If you want more humour    Other Answers ( 1 )  It is not really important to know . Gravity:it happens but it is not important to study.We fall to the ground or a ball does n't have an unlimited straigh path because of gravity.It 's obvious what gravity is.It is important but simple things that are already simple laws do n't really need any more research . Inertia:The same as gravity on an importance scale but still does not need to be studied . The laws are like ..

..what the giver feels *might not* be as important to the recipient as the form and kind of aid that they have access to .  What I was trying to express ( clumsily ) is that I 'm troubled by the idea that pure intent is what we should be focusing on , because often -- usually ? -- that comes at the expense of assessing effectiveness .  Well then I think we agree : impact is what matters and impact is affected by intent . And from my point of view ( and I suppose you agree ) , the most credible assessor of i..

..man  In my opinion either a person 's mom and lover is going to be pleased to acquire like different types of gifts which are usually fancy in addition to efficient with regard to on a daily basis use . In case you have made-up your mind to buy them because of web stores , It is best to to perform the maximum amount of homework as you possibly can subsequently employ a comparability to choose the top quality 1 most abundant in aggressive amount . That idea to get top quality insurance policies is usually ..

..oud badmouthing Djoko , as if he 's a criminal , in fact he 's only a businessman who was victimized by the political party in Indonesia who has vested interest of their own power &; wealth . Unfortunately , Djoko was become the target of the victim because of his wealth  If we Googled , I think this case purely commercial transaction , a bank about to collapse , and asked Djoko favor to buy out . He helped out with bought liabilities ; I think Indonesian government should obligate to pay these liabilitie..

.. out . "  That 's not a terribly good way of encouraging accountability for service delivery . After all , it 's very possible to have a state government who fail terribly at delivering , say , public transport , but get voted back in 3 times simply because of a lack of credible opposition .  Commenter  JH  Location  Melbourne  Date and time  March 17 , 2010 , 8:16AM  Costello is surely aware of the issues in health that result from split financial responsibility between the States and Commonwealth . This..

..awyers , prosecutors and judges will usually look to your motives for publishing the material . In some places those motives can actually form a defence , while on other occasions your motives can be your undoing . But two are worth considering here because of their very different impact on the law -- ' public interest ' and ' malice ' .  Many statutes and court rulings use the expression ' public interest ' as an element of a defence to a range of publishing crimes and civil wrongs . In such matters you ..

..ork .  Anyway , all that led me into being even further disappointed with this woman and her choice to be with this guy , and when she has a kid too . What bugs me is that this guy is not intelligent , and it really pushes me away from him sometimes because of the poor choices he makes without realizing , I mean ones that other non-Muslims would agree were sketchy . Anyway , clearly I 'm not happy with him , but I do n't neglect the possiblility Allah ( swt ) guides him , as I 'm sure people much much fur..

..resources ( as well as serious political and economic instability ) in less than 5 years . Only 10% expected that China would escape trouble 1  China is seen as likely to be the last country to experience the effects of financial / economic crisis , because of its massive surge in investment . But it is also likely to be the last to experience recovery . The dominant role of SOE 's in the post results in wastage of resources . Huge profits are earned because their monopoly power is exploited . Economic vi..

