.. family home , Laskey Farm in Thelwall , was a more than perfect spot . After a humanist ceremony performed by Kate Gee came a various bands and performances with the evening being rounded off with a silent disco !  " Our ceremony was totally unique because of the lack of legal and religious stuff every minute of it was about us " , explained the bride . " My sister and I read Pablo Neruda 's Sonnet XVII in English and Spanish which sounded amazing even though I could n't understand what she was saying ! ..

..thing planned out . If I could guess at the future career of anyone , I would have guessed that she 'd be a firefighter . I reconnected with her on Facebook recently . Is she a firefighter ? No .  Most people just end up falling into certain careers because of the random choices they make . Personally , I never had aburning desire to do anything . I entertained the thought of a teacher for a while . Then when I was choosing my A Levels someone in the family ( ca n't even remember who ) said " Why do n't y..

..nsfer some of your data on other storage medium like CD 's or USB 's .  Next , you must defragment your system on a regular basis . It also frees up a lot of unutilized space on your hard disk . It is possible that your system might have slowed down because of a virus effect . Scan your system with a nice antivirus program . Ensure that the system firewall is turned on . Some of these viruses affect your registry as well that also lowers the system processor . There are a number of softwares available tha..

..s a result of the violation by the firm of specific commercial regulations . More specifically , the examination of the firm 's practices by FSA led to the assumption that Morgan Stanley was led to a ' a $120 million negative adjustment in June 2008 because of systems and controls failings in relation to trader mis-marking ' ( FSA , newsletter on Financial Crime , 2009 ) . FSA fined the firm with a high fine -- reaching the 1.4 million . At the next level , it was proved that the firm 's losses occurred m..

..rt their hobby , their passion , into a business . Without doubt , this is the best kind of business - where you earn a living doing what you love doing . But be careful . Not all hobbies convert into successful businesses , and the danger is that , because of your passion for the topic , you may continue to throw money into the business when clearly there is no business there . People who want to turn their hobby into a business often over-commit , and stick with it long after it is clear it is n't going..

..by the Military service .  I am continuing my letter on board our assault barge . We are lucky because the sea is very calm and the weather is beautiful . Boredom began to set in about 05:30 am . There are some who are cracking jokes , I guess it is because of the tension . I can feel it myself .  The moon gives out enough light so that I can continue . Two and a half hours ago we set sail and I must make it quick before it gets too dark . I want to take this opportunity to apologise for all the trouble I..

.. , perhaps Niagara Falls would have been so unbearably over-crowded that I would have left in frustration , perhaps there would have been no mysterious stranger to lock lips with in Las Vegas , and perhaps we 'd have to cancel our road trip to Miami because of the food poisoning we got from the turkey .  But the most important thing to remember is that although I may have missed out on one adventure , it leaves a hole in my life , an empty void , a door to the uncharted- and who knows , maybe one day I wi..

..to trying as many as possible in years to come . : )  Hey ! how are you we coul n't comminucate recently .. I see you are so lucky about Knefe , you had a chance to eat it from it 's masters hand : ) ) i loved Knefe so so much but not eat it so much because of cals. : p if you are worry about me i started to translate my blog English so you can follow me and i 'm on Bloglovin too . Kisses and wish you having much more very good meals in Turkey so you can present us in a good way to your world ; )  Kunefe ..

..my now , " Greenstein says . " As a consequence of that ,    On Wednesday 10 th October this year , surgeons in Pakistan removed a Taliban bullet from the head of our youngest hero -- fourteen year old Malala Yousafzai . She was attacked in this way because of her brave response to the atrocities of the Tehreek Taliban Pakistan ( TTP ) in the otherwise peaceful Swat Valley , known as the Switzerland of Pakistan .  The Taliban had imposed their will with monstrous force against all men and women who did n'..

..ewcastle ?  If a British company can sell tea to China then good for them . We are taking about 14 different companies . I genuinely do n't know what we will find - we will just get a feel for it . I just know that there are tremendous opportunities because of the extraordinary increase in prosperity in China and a massive population creating new levels of wealth and demand for high quality , protein food .  Do you genuinely believe UK farmers will benefit ? Or will the main beneficiaries be the food comp..

.. rationales -- such as pursuing international scale , filling portfolio gaps , or building a third leg of the portfolio -- tend to be vague " .  While they admit the insight offered by empirical analysis of specific acquisition strategies is limited because of the wide variety of types and sizes of acquisitions and the absence of an objective way to classify them strategically , Goedhart , Koller and Wessels have observed that the " strategic rationale " for a value-creating acquisition typically falls in..

..a similar scenario : " these 100 messages related to a given political party . Is this message like them statistically " ?  45 . The distinction between ' content ' and ' communications data ' does not , in practice , easily hold . This is partially because of the difficulty of separating out content from ' communications data ' , but also because the category ' communications data ' does not adequately account for the variety of types of data , and the possible intrusiveness of it -- which ranges from Oy..

..s or undertaking is compulsary .  I usually find that the garage puts things wong more than right during MOTs and fraudlent changing of ' worn ' parts is common . My steering and headlights have been wrongly set in recent years . This year it failed because of a windscreen chip slighltly too large but where the licence disc was , covering 3 times the area .  Mr Redwood , your summary tells me that all our political leaders in Europe and here are clueless . They need someone who knows what they are doing ,..

.. courts decide who is guilty not a group of teh islands ' elite ' and recruited cronies behind closed doors . THAT IS NOT JUSTICE !  We can all see what occuring - it is a proccess called ' The Jersey Way ' wherein certain islaners will be protected because of who they are and who they know and where they come from .  Commentators may say that is part and parcel of living in such a close knit community a common feature of a micro state , that does not make ' The jersey Way ' the right way .  Take this cas..

..ked and cost us two goals . Overall , very disappointing result but the performance better than it sounded from some others ' commentary . Bollocks but nose to the grindstone . We need redemption and Tuesday is chance for a lot of it , and it 's all because of the hard work we have put in so let 's keep it going .  Ridiculous to hear some supposed " fans " saying the squad is n't good enough because they tied 0-0 against a very strong side being blatantly favored by the ref . It seems like some people jus..

..acted on the phone are being cold-called by campaigners hoping to change the voting system . The Yes campaign for the alternative vote is ignoring the rules of the Telephone Preference Service , which is meant to protect people from cold calling , ' because of the importance of the campaign ' .  The No campaign believes its opponents may be using electoral roll data to which they are not entitled to get phone numbers .  Ok Stephen , Looking at your election results . I 'm going to assume for the sake of a..

..ughout an exciting and engaging 90 minutes being part of an exhilarating collective success .  That is exactly what the heady , intoxicating emotional universe of football is about . And Boro are delivering that .  And the 14,000 extra who turned up because of the offer - the disenfranchised or those who have been disillusioned or drifted away disappointed in the aftermath of relegation - need to be told that the win over Wednesday was n't a freak . It was n't a one off .  Boro have been playing with that..

.. is how far behind the current TV show 's plot the game is , with the game having taken place before more recent events which have changed the way characters interact with one another . It then feels like a strange choice of title to bring to the DS because of the dated plot area it falls into .  Putting that aside , the game presents 5 cases for you to solve , each of which will require a good amount of time to solve . The cases see you being paired up with one of the cast members as you try to solve wha..

.. is accepted .  So why has this Kat brought this bit of news to the IPKat readers attention ? Well ... a cat , copyright and publishing were involved , but also because the dispute deteriorated into an iniquitous internet campaign against the author because of the misapprehension of the basic rules of copyright . Gliori was named on the Facebook page and has since been victim to abuse on Twitter ( she has blogged about her experience here ) , while the publisher reports receiving hate mail and anonymous p..

..r are n't aware of the effects of their eating habits or cant control them adequately .  Or they do n't give a damn , or any one of a dozen other reasons . You sound like those Christians who say Jesus has to be mad or God .  Either way its not good because of the association with so many illnesses and disabilities .  A weak association .  Part of the issue is health education for everybody since the nutritional value of most foods is dropping due to the depletion of minerals in the soil and intensive far..

..en-year old boy with spiky hair is a real example of the incredible impact that education can have on a child . From extremely underprivileged surroundings , he is an example of a young person that refused to fall into the trap of violence and crime because of despair , as unfortunately many of his peers do .  Rather , under Arcie 's guidance , he shattered the glass ceiling over him and has become an alternate role model for youth in his community . Jullo now runs a small sustainable company that uses re..

..these young stars begin to showcase their talent , top clubs are naturally quick to send in offers and , with the financial problems , the clubs must sell . It is an ongoing circle of events as a young player is pushed , finds great talent , is sold because of finance , then another young talent takes his place .  So , the reason that the youth of Spain has ushered in a " Golden Age " of football is quite simple , they had to . La Liga is currently one of the most exciting leagues in the world , if not th..

..Bella as a mother ... yikes . The scene where Edward tells her he 'll run a bath .. why so annoyed , remember you are newly weds , at least her face looks happy seeing Jacob again . Why ca n't I shake the feeling that Bella should be with Jacob just because of the way Krscre showed a tiny bit of emotion  Fact is your opinion does n't differ from the professed haters ( though you solemnly decree you are n't ) . It 's the same boring commentary that is expected since its the same repetitious litany that 's ..

..panies can sell the new iPhone so there will be more competition and more iPhone 5 deals -- and that 's where comparison    Post navigation  Top Smart phones to buy in 2012  It gets harder day-by-day to select One proper Smartphone for use . This is because of the increase in competition . New mobile companies are coming up with their smart phones , each coming up with something new , and something better than the previous One . Those that are old even try to come up with Smartphones of better features . ..

..ing and licensing breaches and many monstrosities without planning permission go through on later application , or on appeal - only where Travellers are involved and their overlay/suspicion of criminal/anti-social practices - it is high profile news because of historic/embedded prejudices - same reason councils have been dragging their heels in developing Gypsy &; Traveller sites although they had a legal responsibility to do so under Labour - but now somewhat diluted under the coalition government which ..

..e political classes but also information . Because there would n't have been this kind of policy unless there had been this kind of information . This is very important , to us in Italy at least .  Do you think that the current problems in Italy are because of the Italian system ?  But it 's a global system that starts from the United States , from China . This system has imploded : it 's stopped , it 's degrading , causing thousands of deaths . Economic deaths I mean -- thousands of people will disappear..

.. . It might actually make things better in the long run . She was n't that happy for a while , but our family is close , she 'll be all right . "  Meanwhile sources close to American beauty Kristen claim she cheated on London-born hunk Robert , 26 , because of jealousy over his friendship with -another co-star .  Robert became close to Australian actress Emilie de Ravin , 30 , while filming Remember Me in 2009 . They stayed friends and he was a shoulder to cry on when the former Lost actress 's -marriage ..

..arket share .  Anticipated difficulties : The limitations of my research proposal are the lack of information available from primary sources , i.e. , the company management . Whatever information that could be gathered could not be processed further because of unavailability of the concerned personnel of the company to give time for discussion .  OBJECTIVES AND METHODOLOGY  To perform a SWOT analysis and identify the prime weaknesses and strength of the firm which will help in a deep analysis of the firm ..

..ence . ( i.e. , they may possibly be able to help with a bit of lower back pain . )  David " The GCC have got rather more to deal with than simply ensuring compliance with ASA standards , although it is currently being prevented from doing much else because of a couple of well- publicised complainants . "  So which sections of the COP do you think can *only* be decided by a chiro ?  A You must respect patients ' dignity , individuality and privacy B You must respect patients ' rights to be involved in dec..

..TOOLONG ... a dedicated    With the increasing number of spyware and adware infections that have found their way onto computers around the globe , the need for top of the line antispyware software has become more important than ever . But it is also because of this growing demand that you must be particularly careful when choosing antispyware software , as there are a number of rogue applications out there that are waiting to infect your computer and possibly steal your information .  Spyware is everywher..

..out having a game .    The comparison with the Usual Suspects is something I cover in the episode because it is possibly the most unfair movie comparison of all time . I was forced to watch the film a year after it came out , initially I 'd resisted because of the scathing review Empire gave it , but a friend convinced me to see it and I was so surprised to find such a good film behind such negative critical reception . It 's compared with the Usual Suspects , because they had the same writer , the films ..

..eed addressing is that when negotiating transfers , you have to have an almost perfect finesse in moving players whether buying or selling . In many cases , once talks break down , that 's it . Teams will not come back to the table for no reason and because of this you have to plan accordingly . You can have a transfer deal already sealed and ready to make your next move when negotiations between the player and their team fall because they ca n't agree wages . Be prepared for this to happen ... a lot . Ho..

..residual of that attitude hanging around the player . The real question is what team is going to be willing to put up with him long enough to get the most out of his wealth of talent . England was the absolute worst place that he could have ended up because of the way the English press will jump on any small hint of controversy . But at this point there really is n't anywhere that he could go and not be put under a constant media microscope . With his exploits on and off the field his career is going to b..

..t ! It 's very brave to have gone for the big magic show thing and it takes the play into a very different genre . It 's slapstick and farce making a serious point . very 7/84 ( hope that 's the right name for the 70s radical theatre company ) . But because of that connection it does feel a bit dated . Maybe others never saw all that agitprop stuff but I went to loads of it .  As did I , Tony , so it probably shows ... : ( I am conscious of the dangers of agitprop , which is why the characterisation is so..

..ple to pick a name for them . And so begins a tedious segment where they pretend to like the ridiculous names 13 year old girls in Blackburn have come up with and go with the name the producers have picked which is District 3 . Got that ? Right . So because of the theme , they sing ' Simply The Best ' except it sounds nothing like any song that I 've ever heard of with that name . There 's a plinth and lasers . They ca n't distract from how awful they are though . Tulisa breaks out the first " You made it..

.. the effect of this will be minimised by the way America is quite some distance from Europe and Asia , the fact that it can happen at all makes this strategy far too risky .  On top that that , you 're assuming that sponsors will want to be involved because of discount prices . But because those discount prices undermine Formula One 's image , you 'll lose sponsors in Europe and Asia who can afford to cross the Atlantic or the Pacific ( or both ) , so while the United States Grand Prix will look good on p..

..Egyptian corporation but an international organization , that the Egyptians could not operate it at all , and that Britain would use force , if necessary , to prevent Nasser from obtaining control of the Canal . "  France was willing to back Britain because of Nassar 's support to the Algerian rebellion , which threatened French control of that North African colony . Though careful not to align its policy too closely with that of Britain and France , the nation of Israel , at this point less than a decade..

..user for 45 years has not been contacted neither have I , a user for a mere 40 years . Another village has a user for 54 years according to the librarian . Are THEY asking views from the right people ?  We were hoping the first email we received was because of a small oversight by GCC but it seems like the problem is widespread .  On their website , last updated on 16th October , Gloucestershire County Council say  We have contacted our current mobile customers about the changes and many have told us they..

..able to negotiate a lucrative Bosman move while Arsenal will receive nothing . If that does n't force our hand then I do n't know what will .  It 's another fine mess we find ourselves having to deal with in a week which was already going to be busy because of Friday 's deadline . And those tasked with sorting this out have got themselves a lot of work to do to ensure this summer is    Transfer window approaches , seven players who could go  yesterday 's UK bank holiday meant things were a bit quieter tha..

.. of what they used to do and that it also helps free up the bespoke store .  Without sounding like I 'm blowing their own trumpet ... this place is magical , walking in a shop like this is pure bliss , I feel like I 'm walking back in time , and not because of the ways its decorated , because it 's modern and fresh ... but I think the way it is so effortlessly suited to the Gentleman 's needs ... and what 's more you get someone to help you of Audies qualities ... there 's sales assistants , and then ther..

..cle , the half-a-dozen people in the country best qualified to form the next government ....  It does stretch credulity a teeny bit , does it not ? "  Which you have ignored .  and  " I used Michael martin as an example because the Tories dissed him because of his background and his accent and what they would call his lack of social graces ( defined by them ) . It could have been any working class MP without a cut glass accent and an Oxbridge degree , but when it is pointed out that 40% of the Tory leader..

..ager and department manager changed . Mrs Ward alleged that , following these changes , her job content was eroded , the physicality and difficulty of her work increased , and she was subjected to unreasonable criticism . All of this was exacerbated because of disabilities from which she suffered .  In April 2007 , Mrs Ward was temporarily moved to work in another team to allow the employer to deal with a number of grievances that she had raised . Mrs Ward requested a transfer back to her original team , ..

..der ( Adhesive Capsulitis )  Frozen shoulder is caused by inflammation in the joint capsule , which prevents the shoulder bones from moving .  What 's worse , however , is the vicious circle the inflammation causes . You do n't want to move your arm because of the pain . With decreased motion comes increased stiffness . Increased stiffness causes even less motion . Eventually , the joint becomes so painfully inflamed you ca n't move it at all .  6 . Fibromyalgia  The cause of this debilitating condition i..

..t all over the place , with and without the ball .  WILL SUIT YOU IF ... You want all the advantages of five-man defence while still using wingers and a CAM . This one is also going to work best for players that really know how to protect the ball , because of the risk with passing in this formation .  WORKS WELL WITH ... Teams that have an excellent CAM and a clinical striker . I quite like the combo of Diego and Falcao at Atletico Madrid .  And finally ...  4-1-5 This is a custom tactic that I made a wh..

..y should be able to .  Again , even with a limp , lifeless and uninspired Arsenal as the opposition last weekend , United helped to create a score line that many may look back at in the future as something of a close game . It was n't , but that was because of the lifeless visiting team .  3 Comments  November 9th , 2012 at 4:42 pm  Matt says :  This article is about if 's and but 's , therefore your views are not substantiated . The fact is united are getting the job done , as they have done in years gon..

..en convinced this would save money .  " In the longer term I wonder what effect this would have on our caring professions . It would seem to select against compassion for one 's fellow human beings . Would the face of the profession change over time because of this kind of thinking ? "  Quite possibly . I like the fact that medics in general have a " We do n't care who you are , our job is to help you " thing going on . We do n't want to lose that .  The other matter to consider is the impact on people wh..

.. as sharpening prices and improving customer service , rather than stronger consumer confidence .  Mr Robertson also pledged to have Chinese and Russian language sites live by this time next year .  He said he had previously been vague on the timing because of the technological challenges and pointed out that China    Main Menu  A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Mile  The Royal Mile is a mysterious place . There are people lying below you on the ground , people walking high above you on stilts , an..

..ible during Hajj , but some pilgrims have become used to avoiding them due to fatawa ( verdicts ) issued by some scholars , that conflict with the practice of the Prophet sallallahu ' alayhi wa sallam , some of which are :  Bathing , without need to because of wet-dreams ( ihtilam ) , even if it involves rubbing the head - as it is authentically reported by Abu Ayyub radiallahu ' anhu that the Prophet sallallahu ' alayhi wa sallam did it . Sahih Muslim , vol. 2 , p. 595 , no. 2744  Scratching the head , e..

..eep " , I would knock his hand off and say " What the hell are you doing ? " .  Not only that , but Steven is very much awake when Derren is walking him to bed talking to him , and either it works because Steven forgets meeting Derren in the morning because of all the new information he has too absorb , or its all a load of tosh .  Actor or not , it 's things like this that just make it all a bit too unbelievable , and I am a huge fan of Derren Brown who has watched all his shows and read all of his books..

..y that it would . However one day the electorate may grow up and see the left for what they really are and toss them out for good . Wishful thinking perhaps .  I 'm sure you are spot on with this . Nobody knows how a fair voting system would pan out because of all the current tactical voting which may be hugely underestimated . Even so , I 'm    Low taxes and small government .  Main menu  Post navigation  What is the BBC For ?  I stopped this blog several months ago now , but I am breaking my self-impose..

..he world and , in understanding the causes of poverty in Africa , the enormous diversity in employment outcomes within the continent needs to be understood see this paper for an overview . 1  In poor African countries people overwhelmingly want jobs because of the incomes that they provide . Everyone can get a job -- working in the home is a job in the sense that it generates output -- it 's the meagre income from those sorts of jobs that is problematic . So the answer to my first question is clearly no :..

..ddenly hosting the likes of FIFA , the IOC and the UCI was no longer a national status symbol , more of a headache .  Some sports have been more reluctant to embrace reform than others .  The IOC was kicked into action first by the Salt Lake scandal because of the exigencies of the long arm of United States law ; FIFA was still in resentful , resistant mode in the spring of 2011 even after the World Cup and presidential vote scandals .  At the opening of FIFA Congress in Zurich on May 31 , Micheline Calmy..

..bs which is often focussed on winning this Sundays match rather than developing football skills in a structured way is the reason why England has had some of the highest dropout rates in Europe . Children are now used to winning a trophy for farting because of this must give everyone a trophy culture . Children should n't been given trophies unless they 've actually won something . Man of the match trophies and end of season trophies for everyone devalues winning and has contributed to children expecting ..

..d like to decide upon , as your tip additionally side sides tend to be dropped as well as even get rid of around motivation . Keep idea the way the small walls ought to uncover complete property value an individual 's carpeting . 4 . Keep an eye out because of gaps in addition to the moth visits which might both choices regularly occurring when confronted with traditional rugs . These drawbacks really need to be gone to so as to to order the floor boards . 5 . You must do something about local stores what..

..roval . Many journalists attacked Lynch for daring to attack the American dream with such a laborious piece of film . When the film eventually came out later that summer the critical consensus was that it was not a good film . People complained that because of the inevitable outcome , there was no tension or suspense and it was a box office dud .  Watching the film today , it 's clear why the general critical opinion was against it . Despite being a prequel , Fire Walk with Me has definitely got a lot goi..

..he Olympics for ages . I do n't see why we should n't go along and have a look at the games . "  You 're not going to watch the ping pong though , are you ?  Even committee members who turned the tickets down felt it was fair enough they should go , because of all the hard work they put in while sitting down scrutinising , for which we have already paid Mr Whittingdale an extra 14,582 on top of his MP 's salary of 65,738 .  And what has all this scrutinising brought us ?  * A failure to spot security firm..

..ing for FE and HE by number of servers , the rates are lower , with 29.7% and 56.7% , respectively . This can be explained by many providers who have only 1 or 2 customers , but use several servers for them . Provider 17 appears second in this table because of the high server/customer ratio it has in the Other category ( a ratio of 4.0 ) . There are 231 providers with fewer than 5 servers that have been removed from the table .  5 providers contribute 44.0% and 81.1% of servers for FE and HE , respectivel..

.. executive David Gill has been signed off and approved by Joel Glazer .  " Joel 's never said no . It 's not about how much money the club had , the club has always had sufficient funds to buy players and that position is even stronger going forward because of our financial strength . "  On the debt situation , Woodward added : " Our debt , taking a house comparison , is like a mortgage . And it 's small relative to the value of the business . And the person living inside it is getting richer and richer a..

..ss as usual basis ?  Hammond was also vague about the timing for the next GoCo decision -- " early next year " . And we heard ( unofficially ) that issuing the tender to the three consortia shortlisted as DIO partners seems to have slipped , perhaps because of the ongoing GoCo debate .  So given yesterday 's discussion , and thinking about that innate accountants ' cautiousness , my view is the odds for the GoCo getting approved have slipped from around 70% to 50% .  Finally , I wondered about the event b..

..uld look at the " benchmark " sponsorship deals -- probably Barcelona 's with the Qataris -- and only count , say , 25M ( $37 ) toward FFP .  Another key factor which is often ignored is that if a club can prove that it 's outside the FFP parameters because of contracts signed before FFP came into effect , then UEFA will look the other way . So basically any contract signed before June 2010 which causes an overspend wo n't be counted . The effect of this rule will , obviously , wane over time , but , init..

..e population . Maybe measles , mumps , rubella do play a part in the cocktail of what causes autism , scientific research so far believes this not to be case so therefore it can be suggested that we trust those who do it on our behalf , but lets not because of one man 's theory ( Wakefield ) stop looking for any causal links because patient behaviour may change . The real tradegy is that those who fund research may not want to be asscoiated with anything autism related because they fear the media response..

..n .  Carlisle United 's Brunton Park is a League ground prone to flooding from a nearby river , and the consequences are severe for the clubs affected by such flooding . Its not just a case of letting the ground dry but specialist cleaning is needed because of the amount of sludge left behind which is usually contaminated with raw sewage . During the floods of 2005 ' Billy the fish ' was spotted and rescued from the goalmouth at the Warwick Road End of Brunton Park , just as huge industrial pumps were abo..

..l directly determines the moving state of the grinding media and the grinding effect in the cylinder . When the ball mill rotates at a low speed , the ball of mill ball raised at a low height , the ball will roll down from the top of the ball charge because of its own gravity and presents a cascading state , at which time the impact force of the ball is very small but the grinding effect is evident . However , the ore is mainly ground by grinding and the grinding efficiency is not high . When the ball mil..

..ices will come down no doubt so I 'll wait until then .  Very annoying about the interference issues for Freeview customers . I have Virgin so am not affected but I do hope it gets sorted . 4G is desperately needed , especially where my parents live because of the woeful broadband offerings . Hopefully , it wo n't come at the expense of worse Freeview quality though .  As I said , I 'm a Luddite . Can anyone tell me what the point of 4G is ? Why does anyone need a super fast connection on a mobile device ..

.. will then be extradited to the US and treated the same as Bradley Manning . We are not saying the women lied or that they should not get justice . But we think he should stand trial here . It is pretty clear the authorities are not pursuing Assange because of the rape allegations . Look at how the authorities treat rape victims - they do n't give a damn . 93 out of every 100 reported rapists go free . Also , look at how the UK acted when Spain requested that Pinochet be extradited . Pinochet ( a Chilean ..

..rations in the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary is having a serious political impact in addition to the massive profit losses by the whaling industry . Last week , the Japanese media reported that the whalers lost $20.5 million dollars USD last season because of Sea Shepherd interventions . This story was also reported in The New York Times and in the current edition of Newsweek .  This week , The Yomiuri Shimbun is reporting that the allocation of monies from the Great East Japan Earthquake Relief Fund tow..

..dly , there is no simple option either in technology or market mechanism . Low carbon electricity technologies face many unknowns , especially about their true costs . And the electricity markets that have mostly worked alright for 20 years , mainly because of low cost UK North Sea gas , do not have the mechanisms necessary to promote about 110 billion of essential investment in new , low carbon capacity .  Government published a draft Energy Bill in May that will be brought to parliament in the autumn . ..

.. for him that will pass the examination of the German agent who is sure    Ponder , Wonder and Comment  So the whole south west of the main UK road infrastructure was held up yesterday on the worse driving weekend of the year out side of Christmas , because of a guy threatening to jump from Avonmouth bridge just south of Bristol on the M5 . For hours they tried to get this guy not to jump but eventually -- he did ! The cost to industry , ruined holiday travel , people getting caught up and stuck in there ..

..s ' . However , if you take too long the momentum dies and cynicism builds-a tricky balance .  3 . Make and build ' the Business Case '  There was also undoubtedly a strong business case for the EITI , but there was resistance from businesses simply because of institutional inertia . That was largely broken by the extraordinarily pro-active behaviour of the institutional investors . The role of the investors is often a forgotten , and always an underrated , near-unique feature of the EITI . They did it be..

..must come out of this EU they are ruling us already , what will it be like if Cammeron keeps us in . We will be run by Brussels , we will have to live by their rules , as we are already doing it some ways . OUT OUT OUT  I voted for Cameron last time because of one thing he promised me &; the country A REFERENDUM. , IN/OUT of EU.now he says he COULD give us one after the next election he lied to us once and you can bet he would do it again We need someone strong enough to tell the EU to take a hike we will..

..ger using Instagram and therefore I am not cross posting messages across Facebook and Twitter thereby reducing the amount of time that I spend in those apps and also reducing the amount of feedback/return conversation that it used to activate . Also because of the smaller screen size and font I do not find it as comfortable to read and so I spend less time on the phone apps and in consequence this has increased the time spent on the web apps when I am on my pc .  I also note that I have more time on my ha..

.. really matter if there actually is or is not an entity that is paying attention to , and is concerned with , humanities existence ?  Well it all depends on your faith I suppose .  Some have faith that we will be rewarded or punished in an afterlife because of our thoughts and actions on this world , and that we should live our lives accordingly . If in fact this is what is actually happening , then yes , it does indeed matter if God does or does not exist .  I have faith that we will have a better unders..

..'s cuts to police force budgets , which will see Staffordshire Police made to save 34 million by 2015 and its officer numbers fall from a 2006 peak of 2,347 to 1,750 .  She said : " Police forces are not alone in having to make cuts to their budgets because of the deficit left to us by the last Government . It was Labour who left us with the deficit and we 're having to cope with that .  " What we 've seen from police forces up and down the country already is that they 've been able to cut their budgets w..

..ry laundry or dish soaps . Cleaners of this nature tend to be more gentle on pipes than other varieties of cleaners , since they contain a lower amount of harsh chemicals .  If there is unwanted water draining into the dishwasher , it is most likely because of the hose to the kitchen sink being installed improperly . The hose connecting the sink the the dishwasher should be at an uphill angle and then downhill to prevent the water from mixing .  Rest for a while after doing work outdoors for a long time ...

..y claim to be protesting .  I would be reluctant to define what BAA provides the flying customer these days as service The only reason I still use BAA is because I have no choice when I go to the continent . However I have reduced my travels greatly because of this and I have enjoyed many a nice holiday in the UK using rail and boat services instead .  Checking in at Gatwick takes me between an hour and hour and half . If I am really lucky the cue starts inside the building and at least I stay dry while w..

..goes on ... Is London empty or busy ? Traffic getting easier or building again ? Airports busier than ever with people leaving the UK or coping with arrivals ? Museums and galleries visitors down on their normal numbers over the summer or doing well because of the bad weather ?  At the BBC Proms we have still been attracting large audiences , even for the some of the less well known repertoire . It will be interesting to see what our final percentage attendance will be , but I suspect it will again be abo..

..n with his nuanced and enunciated performances . His Roderick Usher is at once an unnerving character , unsure of whether to be trusted and potentially possessed by the ghosts of the past . The film is ambiguous in whether Roderick does what he does because of his paranoid state of belief or whether the evil relatives of the past are influencing him to do them . Either way , it 's a frightening and brilliant performance that holds the majority of the film together .  The film covers a number of spooky top..

..mran is the boy calling the shots . I still think it is all going to end in tears  This is indeed going to end in tears , and all the Jabbajabber on God 's earth will not be able to prevent it . The Record is now officially a joke , closing its blog because of ' abuse of staff ' , as it did . That 's Jabbajabber for questioning his integrity , journalistic skills , gullibility , and general arslikan when it comes to dealing with the men at the top in IOUbrox .  Not surprising to see Marky Bhoy and the Bho..

..uld . It took probably until November to really heal , and still can start to hurt if I 'm kicking a heavy bag for a long time or whatever . Injuries can leave their mark forever . Be careful .  On the bright side , I did learn how to fight southpaw because of my ankle . I could n't kick with my right leg , so I stood left leg in back  In that case they should n't be hitting a heavy bag either ... There 's nothing wrong with using a tire as an alternative for a heavy bag , as long as you 're wearing bag g..

..He 's a showbiz politico who hides his cleverness behind a mask of buffoonery .  He 's too lazy , un-ideological and self-centred to make a principled leader of the Right , though , and many of his ' positions ' ( eg. backing Turkish entry to the EU because of his own Ottoman ancestry ) are eccentrically left-wing .  It 's the Tory tragedy that unlike in Heath 's day , there is no Thatcher waiting in the wings to do for Heath-Cameron .  strapworld  I have mentioned before that he should have been sacked f..

..cells under Mental Health Act  Thirty-five out of 42 forces that provided data held children under 18 in custody under the act last year  Under 14s police cell ban urged  Children as young as 11 were held in police cells in England and Wales in 2011 because officers thought they were mentally ill , the BBC has learned .  There were 347 such detentions , some for more than 24 hours , figures show .  The Mental Health Act lets police take anyone they suspect of being mentally ill in " need of care or contro..

..us on the audio book . I was able to get into Blackwood just as much as I do books I am reading myself and found just because it was being read by someone else to me it did n't affect me putting images into my mind about what was happening , in fact because of how Blackwood was read it helped me ! Stephanie , the voice reading Blackwood , was able to create a voice for each character . At some points I did feel that she did n't change someone 's voice enough but I was still able to follow the story well a..

..the good side of valley , on the moors , on the Yorkshire side , because it gets really rainy on the other side , so it 's just kind of nice . But then all the clouds come in over the valley and it looks like what the album ' North ' sounds like and because of that we 've written something really bright and optimistic . "  It is an unusual process for an electronic album -- you guys are producers so what was the idea behind getting another producer ?  James Y : " That 's just a good thing , in n it . If h..

..ets take it from your opening line . You write you agree with some of my analysis , however , you can not see that the present inmates of the law making departments of the EU will be able to correct the faults therein with the UK as part of it . And because of that , the UK should leave .  Now , your thinking on that is hard to follow . What would the UK leaving the EU alter in the governing make up of the EU ? We have a few UK citizens in those offices and of course our MEP 's but , in general , the Brit..

..re disgusted by and suspicious of being approached by strangers out of the blue . Women and our definitions of ' harassment ' are not your enemy , unless you are a harasser . Other men , who make women have a reason to fear being approached by men , because of years of experience , are .  Yes , it harms decent men because women are more suspicious with all the harassers and would-be rapists about . But imagine what it 's like for the women . That 's what this is about . Women . Women who get harassed ever..

..lity to develope a car ( 2005 , 2006 , 2007 ) . His skills are so marvelous , that his car is the greatest even a year after leaving a team ( 2008 McLaren ) .  However , when his car is n't championship material ( 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 ) , it 's because of his team and he still manages to get his car on positions it does n't belong to .  Montezemolo had say : Fernando Alonso is the best driver i have ever seen . Im a Ferrari fan from 1996 and i had never and ever hear Montezemolo says that before ... ..

..with a fantastic IQ who has no common sense at all . Also IQ is now used for apparent different intelligence 's including emotional intelligence . So the question is does having or not having apparent good or bad IQ count . Should a person be judged because of that number and if someone has good IQ has it made them a better person . IQ is extended from the Bell Curve - the norm and oddly most people who have been writing on here do nt want to follow the NORM . I find that extremely interesting . Can you i..

.. .  We also began to uneasily ask uneasily what are we to do and what is going on and who are we waiting for . He said it was a holiday now and that the Chief of Staff , Rafael Eitan , with in contact with Prime Minister Begin by phone . And perhaps because of the New year holy day he did n't to talk to Begin by phone so for time being there is no ruling and no instructions .  Again someone came in a Red Cross car and complained to the commander from the fifth floor that the Phalangists were shooting at e..

..ped everything and my jaw dropped .  It 's true with comedy too - No comedy sketch would throw Alice Cooper and Ronnie Corbett together as flatmates - that was a stroke of genius .  The production value on commercials is often far superior too - and because of the attention to detail , particularly on special effects and very visual commercials , the ad is richer and often more polished .  Men who like Formula One are , almost without exception , cunts . I went to a barbeque at an ex-girlfriend 's friend ..

.. the European Union . Connectedness and connectivity were positively correlated . However , a few outlying examples showed that good connectedness is not necessarily associated with good connectivity and that good connectivity is not always possible because of different habitats and/or different management on both sides of border . In 13 out of 34 borders the connectivity measure was 100% and in 11 other borders it was over 50% . Very few of the geographical and political factors tested to explain variati..

..ry emotional and somewhat triggering TV program on called 999 : what is your emergency ? The main focus was mental health ; how those with mental health problems more often now end up getting dealt with by police , ambulance , or the fire services ( because of government cuts to mental health services ) .  Begrudgingly dealt with , I should add . The main theme seemed to be : woe is us we have to deal with those who are mentally ill too much now and it should n't be our job . I ask : why should n't it ? A..

.. young seminarians are treated in the modern church . On my recent Lourdes Pilgrimage I was enthralled with the number of wonderful seminarians and nuns who were there with the Society pilgrimage and the large families who sat through 3hour masses ( because of sermons said in 6 languages ) But it was wonderful to see the devoutness of the thousands of young people and the singing was glorious . There is so much missing in the NO Mass which have been lost since Vat2 . I have non-catholic friends who can se..

..n has a higher level both of professing Christians and of regular churchgoers than the country as a whole , which in the former case is saying quite something when you consider that the national figure is 72 per cent . The huge London statistics are because of black Londoners . Up to now , though , they have been unregistered , or abstaining , or disorganised .  If they were not so by the time of the next Mayoral Election in 2016 , then the question would be which leading pastor would carry the torch for ..

..educe PD risk deserves further consideration . " This seems to fit in well with the fact that co-enzyme Q10 is unlikely to have a role in the management of Parkinson 's .  Feona  15 June 2012  Less than ten years ago the consultant I 'd been sent to because of my cholesterol levels solemnly informed me that there was ' no such thing as Co-Q10 , it was made up by alternative practitioners ' ! I wonder if he 's still a consultant ? Annoyingly , my medical record says I have hypercholesterolaemia and I ca n'..

..goat .  Printed paper present bags take this thought even a measure more and permit you to put your keep name and emblem in it . Because the client leaves your shop and walks throughout the mall , all people will uncover where they created their get because of their sack . This brings about no cost marketing , and that is something that each and every savvy keep owner should really take advantage of . It is actually terrific advertising specially when a purchaser shops from retailer to retailer and walks ..

..omments ) ; James Thornett ( Homepage , 19 comments ) ; and Cait O'Riordan ( Sport , 14 comments ) .  The graph of site traffic at the top of the post shows , as well as an upward trend , how traffic peaks with major launches like those - presumably because of the chance to communicate with the staff behind them .  Hosting the Conversation  Your comments are what make the blog post , and sometimes they drive new blog posts themselves .  As I 've occasionally explained to colleagues , criticism of the BBC ..

..delivered to the site , although industrial and commercial wastes from shops and offices may contain some organic waste .  " The current works programme -- which involves moving a lot of clay and similar materials around the site -- has been delayed because of the extremely wet weather earlier this year .  " The site management team expects the capping works to be completed within weeks . "  Anyone with concerns should call company on 01872 799313 or 07849 725654.  13 Comments  " The stench emanating from..

..ence system , but since Wednesday 544 have hit Israeli land , including densely populated areas and the country 's financial centre , Tel Aviv .  In one attack , a rocket fell at the site of a nursery school in Ashkelon , but the building was closed because of the threat of rocket fire . Another rocket hit a car in the town of Ofakim , while three people were injured in a strike on Ashkelon .  The death toll from the IDF airstrikes has risen to up to 67 , Palestinian officials said , with at least 11 peop..

.. , an observation . It is different , I find it most interesting and I am extremely enthusiastic about it , or I would n't bother to expose myself to ridicule on this CIF .  As it happens , I do not agree with the good Bishop 's assertion that it is because of pro-gay and anti-marriage culture . It 's far deeper than that .  I am an agnostic , so I look at it this way . If God exists , then we are being punished for violating His creation . If God does not exist , then we are suffering the consequences of..

..ize , scope and role of government in Britain has reached a point where it is now inhibiting , not advancing the progressive aims of reducing poverty , fighting inequality , and increasing general well-being . Indeed there is a worrying paradox that because of its effect on personal and social responsibility , the recent growth of the state has promoted not social solidarity , but selfishness and individualism .  This is an extremely important point . Absent personal responsibility and the mutual bonds th..

