..o confront a continuous and acute pain in the stomach , sticky and yellowish skin , and red colored raised spots on the face , feet , and hands . There is a possibility bleeding from anus , mouth , and nose and the patient can lose his consciousness because of this . More than that , the patient vomits constantly , can not take rest and unable to sleep . He feels a dried mouth and requires drinking liquid constantly . The most dangerous form of the dengue is the hemorrhagic dengue and a patient can easily..

..ons itself were created by males and they remained masculine in essence and character.so liberated women were forced ... politically .... to become male copycats and participate in a system whose semantics are essentially masculine.that has happened because of the feminists who want women to become the imitators of men , a kind of second class males ... which is unfortunate.ideally women should create their own political systems and should not inherit those created by males of the past.but no feminist eve..

..m a small town in the Himalayan foothills and considers himself to be an urban misfit . He lives to read books , watch Test cricket , explore the    Technical Jokes  Compaq is considering changing the command ' Press any key ' to ' Press Enter key ' because of the flood of calls asking where is the ' Any ' key .  AST technical support had a called complaining that her mouse was hard to control with the dust cover on . The cover turned out to be the plastic bag the mouse was packed in !  Another Compaq tec..

.. feel this was an urgent health priority as most felt physically healthy , " Dr Thomas said . " Most of the study participants in this category deliberately sought to distance themselves from public health messages about obesity and the word obesity because of the social stigma attached to the condition .    Washington , June 2 : While individually both migraine and post-traumatic stress disorder are more common in women than men , a new study suggests that men with migraines had up to a four-fold greater..

..ter is more worrying than the slowdown reported in the second quarter , because the third quarter is usually the busiest period in the outsourcing industry , said Salil Dani , practice director for global sourcing at Everest .  The drop came largely because of economic problems in key markets like the US and Europe , but there was also uncertainty about offshoring among US customers , as keeping jobs in the country became a key issue in the US presidential election campaign , Dani said .  Banks in the US ..

..r such high yields . The most prominent is that these are low growth entities that need to offer high dividend yields in order to attract investors . The next most prominent reason is that some of these entities have seen their stock prices collapse because of fundamental issues and challenges within their respective business models . Consequently , their high yields could be either a temporary illusion that will soon change , or perhaps indicative of high risk .  Therefore , we submit that the moral of t..

..n follows a different timezone than India . It is GMT + 6 hours , which is 30 minutes ahead of Indian standard time . Once you cross Phuentsholing all times which are displayed are in Bhutan timezone . We missed our bus to Thimphu from Phuentsholing because of this timezone difference .  No smoking  Bhutan has a very strict policy about smoking . Smoking or sale of tobacco products is completely prohibited inside Bhutan . The fine is pretty high and it also includes jail time if you are caught . So be awa..

.. I too was thinking of few modifications that can be done to our grading/marking system in at-least higher education domain . I think instead of writing grades of percentage on our degrees we must write weather he/she had passed or failed so that if because of any reasons a bright student was n't able to score higher , he is not left in the tail-enders to pick the worst jobs offered . In the beginning it could be done like this fail , pass and distinguished . For getting distinguished a student must score..

..rivatisation : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- DESU , the electricity board in Delhi was the pits of corruption . From getting a meter to getting it repaired or a line repaired ... everything was impossible without bribes . Now it is largely corruption free because of privatisation .  d ) A vocal public : -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Shopkeepers at a market a kilomtere away from my house had to pay hafta to the cops just to keep them happy . But one day all the shopkeepers got together , bashed a cop and complained..

..ution would be to grow your business , translate your every website page by a professional human translator or by the translation company who is providing all kind of language Translation services . Definitely it may be too costly for some . Perhaps because of this , often the quality of the translations that are done is less than perfect if you use Machine Translation . Like use of Google translator or another translation software tools .  If you use machine translation software then it is quick and very..

..by the Kshatriyas up to this time . It has never gone to the circle of Brahmins till today . But , now the time has come for it to go out of the circle of Kshatriyas , because you have come to me as a student and you want this knowledge . Till now , because of this secret of knowledge which the kings held , they were predominant everywhere . They could rule over everybody due to the power that they wielded by this knowledge , and now you want to get this secret out of me . " Anyhow , the king was ready , ..

..y proven -- and this explains the fact that meditation is gaining more and more supporters .  Training yourself to make brainwave meditation work for you takes a bit of patience . But the rewards can be tremendous and well worth the effort . That is because of all the various meditation techniques , brainwave meditation combines traditional meditation disciplines with the science of monitoring and controlling the flow of your brainwaves for the good of your health and well-being .  That is one of the reas..

.. use hard or medium tyres . The Buddh International Circuit is a good little racetrack . While most tracks across the globe have a similar feel to them , which can be tackled with the same driving style , the Buddh International Circuit is different because of its mix of challenging as well as top-speed sections . There is a lot of elevation change around the lap which adds to the fun , from as much as 8% downhill and up to 10% uphill ; it ? s like a roller coaster . It really has emerged as one of the mo..

.. Adsense account , you can still make money from your Blog . Check out ShoutMeLoud , and realize how many Adsense ad units you see here . You would notice , Harsh uses only one 468*60 ad unit below post permanently and if I 'm not wrong , it 's only because of his Adsense revenue sharing program . Anyways , I 'm not saying you should not reapply for Adsense , but before you do so , there are things that you should be taking care of .  - When we apply for ADSENSE account and ADSENSE reject your application..

.. at the expense of parks and play grounds . All those who attended the event also went    The Indian Olympic Association ( IOA ) is in the news these days . No , not because it has suddenly woken up and decided to do something for Indian sport , but because of its controversial elections .  Usually , elections to such a body are quiet affairs and everything is decided well in advance . So when the actual election date comes , it is only a matter of naming a bunch of officials who come to power unopposed ...

..rs , they do things in a very aggressive way , without considering any harm they might do to achieve their objectives .  Take someone down a peg : If someone is taken down a peg ( or taken down a peg or two ) , they lose status in the eyes of others because of something they have done wrong or badly .  Take someone for a ride : If you are taken for a ride , you are deceived by someone .  Take someone to the woodshed : If someone is taken to the woodshed , they are punished for something they have done .  ..

..oughts on " Indian Philosophies of Development " in Jaipur on Saturday , Modi said that there are more honest people than corrupt and it is only about given them an opportunity . It is a handful of people which are bringing a bad name to the country because of corruption , he said .  In a talk organised by the Deendayal Upadhyaya Trust at Birla Auditorium , Modi made the statements in reference to bring a complete transparency in the system . " The corrupt people should be sidelined and nobody would be ab..

..d that smells ? Have you noticed that there is no bad smell ? " It was true , I agreed , and began to wonder at the man who had so much to say , and such an interesting story to tell . I had not noticed any bad smell of flesh being burnt . ? This is because of the Banyan tree logs " , Ram said . " They work in such a way as to make null the smell. ?  He went on , ? Sandalwood logs cost very much . It only costs rs300($9) for enough Banyan wood to burn a body . Sandalwood is only affordable by the very ric..

..le works .  When we takes birth and grows we feels energetic as well as fond of words like fast , furious and speedy of course but it 's not means you should ignore and reject the peoples who are not able to go at the same level of speed as you just because of their physical disability or the elderly aged what makes them weak due to various diseases and complications .  Elderly people 's Experience , your Guide  Yes it 's a fact that you will always need elders to guide you and support your future because..

..ve had a share in the imperialist rent . Contrariwise , the Eastern European states have no access to it since they have no national generalized monopolies of their own . They have swallowed the illusion , however , that they have a right to it just because of their " Europeanness . " Who knows if they will ever be able to get rid of that illusion ?  Imperialism , having become collective and remaining so henceforward , shares in regard to the South a single common policy -- that of the triad -- which is ..

..elings both for and against . Ever since becoming President , Chaves has got strong support from the poor and the downtrodden ( enough support that he gets re-elected easily , and has been able to push for the changes he wants ) . At the same time , because of him being a polarizing figure , he has been actively opposed by the richer and more affluent section of society who can not stand his policies . It is not that Chavez is a do-gooder who is opposed by richer sections because he is a true democrat ; C..

..solutely no problem with that .  Have you been able to understand the higher suicide rate in Gujarat ? What do you think about the gender imbalance and the controversy on malnutrition ?  Malnutrition is not the issue . It has been made into an issue because of a statement by the chief minister . But if you look at the malnutrition data post-2008 , the situation is improving .  I see the movement towards animal husbandry , so the nutrition part will be taken care of . I am not that worried about it .  The ..

..e , it 's not necessarily genuine thing . The replica Hermes purses of Luxurynavi are created in such with that they satisfy the consumers . Imitation purses are usually not priceless hardly any money . This is as false luggage get destroyed quickly because of the lumination material . Every person want to shell out just about every    Our representative will be waiting for your ship docking at Safaga Port , Pick up will be once you are out of the ship you will find our REP holding a board reflecting your..

..when she came back to shoot after her engagement and her marriage it was Kiran who shot her and now again after the birth of her daughter Aaradhya .  Aishwarya was also shooting again Allan Amin with whom she has shot extensively and who playfully , because of the ease and comfort that she has once put on a harness for any shooting .  Really confusing TOI news who is shooting and who was shot ?  Shrikumar Shot Aishwarya and he said it the first time he ever shot her . There was underwater shooting a few t..

..ah Abdali came on various looting sprees , he would enslave young men and women to sell as slaves in harems of Afghanistan and Turkey . Sikhs , very few in number used to rescue our honour and fight the looters , often at midnight ( guerilla warfare because of less numbers ) . Yes sikhs and hindus do share common ancestors but due to their beliefs - no idol worship , no caste system , all eat together at langars without any discrimination , etc , they have a separate identity . Yes the elder most son of a..

..C forums . A user reported that he could n't claim warranty on the speakers destroyed by VLC . Obviously VLC ca n't be blamed completely because there is no hardware restriction that limits the audio output after safe limits .  They told that it was because of VLC . According to them VLC required speakers with 5 amperes of current and the laptop 's speakers only supported 3 amperes . And since the problem was caused by using unsupported software , we 'll have to shell it out from our own pocket .  Here is..

... Is n't this contradictory to BMC 's claim that 90% of the nullah-cleaning work has been completed ? We have given you the figures . The BMC has finished its work as per the schedule . We are aware of the presence of floating material , but this is because of plastic and garbage disposed in the nullahs by slum dwellers .  Even though we removed this material , it has been dumped there again .  What measures has the BMC taken to prevent this ? We have asked organisations involved who have been given the r..

.. for his business . The book tells about his struggle and how he becomes a billionaire . The way I am telling you might think that the man was taking revenge , but actually the clearly describes that everything the man does is not out of revenge but because of love . The story tells that without money a person is not only deprived of the big house and car , but also from love .  Favorite drama character What is the name of your favorite drama ? Why do you like the person ? Can you find a similar kind of p..

..s this new one will also star Vivek Oberoi -- she needs to be more careful of that more than anything , considering Mr O 's been a sort of a dud king of late , with theatre owners almost pulling out his last film Kismat Love Paisa Dilli from screens because of poor performance !  Whatever she does do , if Rekha can produce a performance on par with some of her best , from Khubsoorat to Aastha , this one could be a winner !  View Comment  I am so happy that Rekha is coming back atleast we can see a great p..

..interests provided that you " step back " and put us in direct    The NEEM tree ( Azadirachta indica ) is a tropical evergreen tree native to India and is also found in other southeast countries . In India , neem is known as " the village pharmacy " because of its healing versatility , and it has been used in Ayurvedic medicine for more than 4,000 years due to its medicinal properties . Neem is also called ' arista ' in Sanskrit- a word that means ' perfect , complete and imperishable ' . The seeds , bark..

..k !  Re : Can a person love two women at the same time .... ?  If we can love more than 1 at the same time in every other type of relationships then why ca n't we love more than 1 in a romantic relationship ? I think it is possible but we try not to because of social or moral reasons .  Re : Can a person love two women at the same time .... ?  Peacocklady -- I would say we can not because thats whats special about that relationship &; thats why its above any other relationship . Its the committment to eac..

..ious threat to the nation . While dealing with their manifestations , the intelligence and law enforcement agencies should exercise extreme caution . Any person wrongly framed and persecuted would strengthen the belief that the system is against him because of his faith or creed . And that would strengthen the hands    Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation 's green drive goes awry  HYDERABAD : It 's not blooming bougainvilleas and green grass carpets but trampled plants and dried bushes that are likely ..

.. that while many people in Pakistan blamed international players for unrest in Balochistan and competing regional port operators for the lack of progress in the Gwadar port , it was " shameful " that a friendly foreign operator had to leave the port because of the navy 's " changing positions " on vacating land despite a clear decision by the government .  He said the armed forces should not behave like " real estate companies " and realise that the land belonged to Pakistan .  Ghauri warned that if the 5..

.. and that in terms of risk assets would be very favourable .  So essentially what you are trying to say is that we will see perhaps risk on trades for emerging markets particularly EM equities .  Yes I think so . The risk trade is on and it stays on because of 2 basic reasons . One , euro is not going to implode , second , the US economy is not headed towards recession and those are the    Recently , Mulberry Outlet Handbags is merely about the stylish image . Plus much more as well as more particularly s..

..topadhyay  Posted on : Jul 5 , 2012 at 08:40 IST  mr. chaudhuri is being oversensitive. bose-einstein statistics could have been called einstein statistics , and bosons could have been called something else . the fact is that bose is only remembered because of the west ; the same is true of raman and ramanujan .  indians do n't respect science . we respect engineering/medicine/law ( to make money ) , and for matters of truth we turn to religion .  we love to complain about what the west does not do for us..

.. .  BERTRAND RUSSELL I should reply to that line of argument that the whole argument from our own mental states to something outside us , is a very tricky affair . Even where we all admit its validity , we only feel justified in doing so , I think , because of the consensus of mankind . If there 's a crowd in a room and there 's a clock in a room , they can all see the clock . The face that they can all see it tends to make them think that it 's not an hallucination : whereas these religious experiences d..

..n a suo motu statement .  He attributed the rise in prices to the demand-supply mismatch , the depreciating rupee , the global commodity prices and the easy monetary policy followed by some countries .  Laying the statement on the table of the House because of the noisy scenes caused by the Opposition , Mr. Mukherjee said that at times of rapid growth and structural changes -- which India was passing through now -- inflation did tend to increase .  The House is expected to discuss the statement on Wednesd..

..s motivation for the Israel trip , where he took a swipe at Muslim culture , was his Jewish donors .  But it is the American economy that Romney and his mate have mostly got wrong .  President Obama has enhanced the state 's roll in welfare not just because of his faith in social justice but because Americans need it now .  I still think he was right when he said hospitals , health and schools were important , so government paved the way for the American dream . The big guys flourished but they " did n't ..

..dventurous dramatic movie starring Suraj Sharma , Irrfan Khan , Tabu , Adil Hussain , Rafe Spall , and others in their respective roles . It is based on the 2001 novel of the same name written by Yann Martel . The film had pretty good expectations , because of its impressive promos , promising star-cast , hordes of praises from various film festivals , and much more . However the film had effectively fulfilled the expectations of the moviegoers and deserves the every bit of praises .  Rating : 4 stars  St..

..omb .  It is , however , clear , that by 1957 at any rate the Russians should have sufficient atomic bombs to blot this country out entirely .  Some experts believe the Russians were able to develop atomic weapons at least one year ahead of schedule because of the information passed to them by UK-based physicist Fuchs .  The Fuchs scandal strained relations with the United States , furious the leakage had taken place .  In 1950 , an exasperated Liddell writes the Americans are utterly incapable ... of see..

..our day today tasks whether it 's a business organization or it is about an individual . Outlook stores a lot of information like notes , reminders , contacts , mails , meetings , journals , lists , and so many other things . People use outlook just because of its user friendly behavior and interface which any one can understands easily and can use it . We really need outlook as an email client because it can help us in many ways and it is more beneficial than the online email clients it also provides you..

..ture to an irresponsible , unintelligent , unpatriotic and most importantly anti-Hindu Rahul Gandhi.That will be the last nail in their coffin.Killing Hindus with impunity is a major step towards towards theit total destruction .  Thats the thinking because of which India is where it is . This division only ends when it breaks every home under the face of the sun . Mr Nagaraj you need a lot of maturity to come to a level of any developed nation . A terrorist has no religion .  I fully agree with Mr.S.S.Na..

..es nt really help at all . In fact I feel special and proud when I get to sleep at 12 and wake up at 6 which is only 6 hours of sleep as you can see . To tell you the truth I need about 10 hours of sleep for me not to feel tired . But I cant do that because of homework . Sometimes I do nt even understand what Im doing after 2 hours . They say that it should only be 10 minutes per grade so as a 9th grader I should only be doing 90 min. or 1 hour and a half of homework yet I get more than half of that each ..

..slam over the last 1400 years , you above statement is the most hypocritical piece of garbage I 've ever read .  Jye written by Malem , October 29 , 2012  Oh yes , all the countries Islam conquered , and of course you shall give a pass to all others because of your racist and islamophobic mindset . Im guessing lad you are not going to count the ongoing slaughter by the west in various countries . So my point remains , this fake little old lady story has no grounds , it was NOT er country it was the aborig..

..and dry on a sandbank . 2 in a difficult situation , without help or money  high and mighty  ( informal ) behaving as though you think you are more important than other people  high as a kite  ( informal ) behaving in a very excited way , especially because of being strongly affected by alcohol or drugs  in high dudgeon  ( old-fashioned , formal ) in an angry or offended mood , and showing other people that you are angry He stomped out of the room in high dudgeon . She stormed out in high dudgeon.  smell ..

..g ( as part of the ) brain drain , " he said .  " It is going to force them into actually recruiting these individuals and ( maybe ) older people which they 've also discriminated against . "  Barnett said businesses could not afford to judge people because of their ethnic origin .  Some large companies were starting to " get it " , and employing a diverse range of workers made good business sense , he said .  " But many others seem slow to appreciate the positive contribution diversity offers to any work..

..u want to or not . You might be standing over the kitchen sink but you are thinking how can I help them learn their birthday , or tie their shoes . It takes the same loving patience to teach computor as it does to say the alaphabet .  The higher pay because of what you teach makes for great conversation but not for good logic . Some of those PE teachers have degrees and skills that would surpass the average CS teacher in industry income . English teachers , on the other hand , would be in the poor house ...

..lty USB Connector or it 's Continue Reading ...  This post is for Nokia Asha 203 and Nokia Asha 202 Speaker Problem Solution also called earpiece . This solution works for both phones . In Nokia Asha 202 Speaker Problem or Earpiece problem can occur because of the faulty Speaker or it 's bad connection to the Cell Phone 's Motherboard . So first of all you should clean Continue Reading ...  This post is for Nokia Asha 203 and Nokia Asha 202 Mic Problem Solution . This solution works on both of these phone..

..reams ' which was about basketball and hope and disappointment and race and inequality and America . Our film is called " Generation Food " . It is about how we will eat in the future .  So I went to Japan . People used to live long lives in Okinawa because of the traditional diet . Lots of people lived until 100 . Now grandparents are burying their children . They do n't eat as they used to . When the Americans came with their military base , they brought fast food for the GIs . Everybody eats it now . I..

..me good Indians in Africa . And if you bring liberty to Africa ( e.g. see BFN http : //bfn.sabhlokcity.com/ ) then all Africans can reach their potential . I believe they are as gifted and brilliant as any other people on earth .  Africa suffers not because of Indians    Tuesday , June 21 , 2011  I 'll write a detailed post soon about all aspects that I considered while deciding to do my own startup , but for now , I want to talk about the most important reason of them all : Personal Growth .  For the fir..

..rned    Tiger count up at Corbett National Park  A Dehradun : Wildlife lovers in general and enthusiasts of save the tiger in particular , have something to cheer about .  Though as many as 32 tigers have reportedly died in the Corbett National Park because of various reasons , including poaching , but there number have gone up by at least 20 , taking the latest count to 170 .  In the latest count of the felines conducted by the Indian Wildlife Institute here at the behest of the National Tiger Conservati..

..equate teachers , supply of teaching aids , good infrastructure , etc . This dismal condition at the school level is aggravated by the extremely precarious conditions in which we live .  The large majority of our families live in one room apartments because of the meagre wages earned by us and our parents . And needless , to say most of this housing is situated in the city 's slums and JJ colonies -- many of which face the threat of demolition . In fact , many of us who are writing this letter have watche..

..ional matches in this series this one will not be a day and night match because there are no provisions for flood lights on this ground . People say that this stadium is one of the most beautiful stadiums that India has ever got and it is quite true because of the high mountains that surround the ground and the picturesque scenery around . Well that wo n't affect the players because they would be concentrating on the game in hand and not on the beautiful scenery outside . This match will be absolutely a c..

..? I 've got another script and I think we can make it into another Don film and really have fun taking the bad guy forward . ' That 's very exciting . You know , there is this darker element that all of us have . Somewhere down the line we subdue it because of the way we live our life but it has always existed . It 's really nice to see a story line from the side of evil . Having done so many from the side of good , that 's exciting , you know . Don is stylish . He is cool . He 's someone we would all lik..

.. RHP says .  6 ) The Delhi High Court has issued notices to Coal India and the Central government . However , seeing the facts , it looks like government can fend its case in court easily . TCI has repeatedly claimed a loss of opportunity of $1.5 bn because of regulatory interventions . But being an international hedge fund , TCI was expected to go through these facts thoroughly before making any investment .  7 ) TCI argues that Coal India can supply electricity worth $18 billion through the dividend it ..

.. resulted in our revenue increase , which is at 26 per cent year on year but the profitability is 63 per cent . Neotel operation , which turned the about 3 quarters ago , is helping us do that in a consolidated basis and also there is an improvement because of the exchange , which goes in our favour and a substantial portion of our revenue is from overseas , we get the benefit on that .  Q : What has been the forex impact on your business for this quarter ?  A : We track our overall revenues because there..

..conclude that MNC 's are not devils .  Rate this : +13 -7  Ganga Parvathi said : ( Sun , Jun 17 , 2012 10:50:41 AM )  I do agree that MNCs are devils because the reason behind choosing the freshers is beneficial for them as they accept little salary because of their lack of experiences which is the plus point for the MNCs so that they made them to work hard with low salary and these companies are getting benefited .  Rate this : +9 -5  N.Sravya said : ( Wed , Jun 13 , 2012 04:59:09 PM )  Good Evening frie..

..obstructions of outside forces , Baghdad is on the verge of destroying . Many innocent people are already dead as a result of many bomb blasts and suicide blasts that happen every day in Baghdad . Life in Baghdad has decreased with an enormous speed because of blasts and attacks . Now , Baghdad is the most dangerous and unsafe city    Top 10 Reasons to never have an Extra Marital Affair  Here we are discussing about Extra marital affairs Do you think having an extra marital affair is good thing ? ? ? ? Th..

..nally , on September 11 , 1973 Allende died either by suicide or by assassination . At that time Henry Kissinger , U.S. Secretary of State , said the following regarding Chile : " I do n't see why we need to stand by and watch a country go communist because of the irresponsibility of its own people . " ( 1 )  During 17 years of terror under Allende 's successor , General Augusto Pinochet , an estimated 3,000 Chileans were killed and many others were tortured or " disappeared . " ( 2,3,4,5 )  Also see Sout..

..s so well received ?  Not at all . I rate this higher than Serious Men -- maybe writers tend to do that with their latest work . This is actually a completely different book . It is called a comic work chiefly because the first one was like that and because of some of my earlier , journalistic work . But if you look at this as a book that is n't comic , then it 's easy to see why it 's so different .  When I was writing large parts of Serious Men I did n't even know how to write a novel -- I just knew whe..

..ectfully saluted Lord Siva . Then Lord Siva worshiped Lord Visnu , the Lord of all , and seated himself on a throne . The attendants of Lord Narayana began to fan Lord Siva with white whisks to relieve him of the fatigue of his journey . Lord Siva , because of being in contact with Lord Visnu 's virtues , then assumed a cheerful disposition and adored the Eternal Being with his five mouths .  Lord Narayana was highly gratified . With sweet , nectarean words , He said , " O Lord Siva , you are the symbol o..

.. , but at a certain point of time , there are situations and things around us and about us which make it so much complicated that , most of us think that life is just not worth living . But then have you ever thought , there are people who are happy because of us , for the reason that we exist in this world .  We shall not go far , our very own parents , they live just to see their children growing happy and successful . Life sometimes is not meant to live for one own self , but also for others .  This mi..

..ein ; is low in saturated fats and is cholesterol-free . It is also rich in vitamins , especially vitamin B complex , minerals such as magnesium , calcium , iron , potassium and copper and also fibres . In recent times it has been highly recommended because of its ability to lower LDL ( bad cholesterol ) levels . The FDA has confirmed that foods containing soy protein are likely to reduce the risk of coronary heart disease .  An easy way to take soy is as soymilk , now available with added flavour . Soymi..

.. unique method , Lord Ganesha impressed his parents , won the maiden 's hand , and invented lateral-thinking and an IIM entrance-interview question , proving to everyone that he was Chuck Norris before Chuck Norris was Chuck Norris .  I love Ganesha because of all the gods in the Indian pantheon , he 's the only one whose intelligence is tempered by a wicked sense of humour . I have respected several gods over the ages , and I take away nothing from their wisdom , but with no offence to them , Lord Ganesh..

..Magic Mike and White Collar star , Matt Bomer , who looks like Christian Grey from the books and is a top favorite with fans of the books . His potential casting was a subject of heated discussion after American Psycho author criticized the choice , because of his sexuality , which has only made fans more endeared to him .  So in the end , does Alexander Skarsgard have what it takes to be Christian Grey ? What are your thoughts ?  Fans might be more interested in the casting of the enigmatic Christian Gre..

..e Mobile Data , Bluetooth , WiFi and Volume . Then three common actions like Call Logs , Music and Messaging are always accessible anywhere in UI just a drag away via the same drop down menu . You still feel this new Series 40 OS is not smart , just because of no conventional multi-tasking ? Think again .  Also though there is no folder support , you can rearrange app as your choice . No drag and drop though but hold an app first and then when shows select , then just tap over the location , where you wan..

..ry in Saipan , and featuring a battered old steam engine that used to haul the sugar trains ( see the photo on Wikimedia at http : **35;268;TOOLONG ... )  Sun 25th to Sat 31st , Seoul , Korea .  We flew overnight via Guam to Seoul . We were upgraded because of the broken suitcase - they put us upstairs in the 747 where the seats were first-class style with a huge amount of space and reclined completely into a bed . In Seoul we experienced double culture shock - Korea is freezing cold after the steamy trop..

..only through desire . We can not blindly condemn desire . Desire should be noble and healthy and finally spiritual . Remove unethical , immoral desires .  We have a physical body . Superior to the body is the sense organs as we are aware of the body because of the sense organs . Mind is superior to the sense organs as mind alone decides which sense organ should function . Superior to the mind is Buddhi/ intellect . One faculty of mind is doubting . Buddhi has got thinking power . By clear knowledge the in..

..ace to shape up strategies and technologies in the new patterns . Blog 's subscribed readers and direct visitors are valuable assets of a blog . If a blogger writes such a useful content then search engines start giving traffic to that blog post and because of its quality and effectiveness which readers feel and they share it on social networks , so good quality and unique post works amazingly well for the blog . The Blog gets visitors from search engines like Google or bing , and it also receives social ..

.. it is difficult to know if you have had a nocturnal erection or not as these happen while you are asleep . The early morning erection occurs when you are just about to wake up normally . Things that prevent the morning woody are waking up too early because of an alarm , or being in a regular sex life that is meeting your sexual needs . This is also possibly what is causing the strength of your erections in that when you are getting ready for the intercourse that is providing the satisfaction you desire ,..

..o side roles in big films . HR will soon be seen as a Gujju guy in Akshay Kumar 's Khiladi 786 .  Coming back to Himesh ' s comeback film , our BB revealed , " The story 's about an aspiring singer who 's belittled by the crme de crme of the society because of his stammering problem . In a miraculous and filmi turn of events the stammering singer signs a record deal and wins ... hold your breath ... a Grammy award ! "  Now we do n't know whether this one will really highlight HR 's acting talent , but the..

.. Sen alleges about the attention towards contemporary western ' pursuit of political philosophy in general and the demands of justice in particular has been ... limited and to some extent parochial ' ( p. xiv ) can be also true in his case precisely because of his disengagement with ancient European and theological commentaries on justice . Furthermore , what Sen calls ' our global heritage ' ( pp. xiii-xvi ) by trying to bridge a dialogue between ancient Indian philosophy with modernist European enlighte..

..s in IT specifically or in another activity within an IT company , be conscious of this :  Big companies generally buy out competitors and then downsize them .  Small companies that can not compete with big organizations generally fail at some point because of efficiencies and market dynamics .  My advice ?  Learn to speak another language , ideally one that may be very important in just a few years .  Start watching and following trends , both those affecting your industry and any that could impact your ..

..f province offers a good form of irresistible places for luxury lodging . Most of the beaches or the coastal cliffs area unit dotted by giant edifice resorts with unnumerable amenities . The balcony of your bedroom can become your own pretty place , because of the wide vistas that invite a singular tropical class and exotic ease . What concerning the amusement centers ? From court game courts , water-themed parks , out of doors swimming pools , spa and rejuvenating treatments -- province offers an ideal s..

..y should you take ellagic acid regularly ? The main reason why you should take an ellagic acid supplement on a regular basis is to develop the anticancer properties that are found in red raspberries . The red raspberries have this anticancer ability because of the ellagic acid compound that is found within them . This compound is pretty much exclusive to red raspberries , that is why these raspberries or so important . Cancer prevention is very important in today 's world as well . If you want to be healt..

..ra should be used in conjunction with Ashtakavarga . Ashtakavarga takes into consideration the strength of the planet in question by its position from all of the planets and the Ascendant , not just from the Moon alone . Thus , a planet that is weak because of its transit position from the Moon , may be transiting a house that has high Ashtakavarga points and be able to produce quite significant results .  Saturn 's transit from the Moon is the most important because Saturn is the one planet that gives lo..

..dly and outwardly . I did n't dare to fight her father knowing I was no match for him in courage , valour , strength and power . But now , on his own , he is giving me his daughter , and I am so grateful to him . I am also so grateful to you . It is because of God 's inscrutable ways    Most albums are n't recorded overnight ; just ask Steely Dan or Bruce Springsteen . However , No Doubt 's upcoming Push and Shove , out September 25th , is one of the longest-gestating pop albums in recent memory . Accordi..

..ry charges such as those relating to packing , freight , forwarding , interest , commission , etc . It is suggested that ordinarily the value of turnover should be disclosed exclusive of such ancillary and extra charges , except in those cases where because of the accounting system followed by the company , separate demarcation of such charges is not possible from the accounts or where the company 's billing procedure involves a composite charge inclusive of various services rather than a separate charge ..

..ay have thought that he was inviting them to honour them . But then perhaps they felt , ' We do n't need honour . We want only to remain in our own prayer and meditation . ' Especially the seekers may have felt like this .  " If scholars do n't come because of their pride and vanity , it is they who will be blamed . Again , if seekers do n't come because they feel that glory is nothing short of temptation and they do not want to be glorified , then they are doing the right thing . But whether they are doi..

.. Android platform . We foresee a trend where Android phones will replace the MIDP phones soon as the prices of Android phones are falling gradually . We foresee even opportunities across all the leading platforms but we think Apple is slightly ahead because of its advanced payment infrastructure which works for iPhone quite well .  iPhone is also the platform that sees most competition , bringing more challenges to the developer . I would like to focus on Android if I am working on a new app .  With platf..

..racting with Hindus . Who cares . You think that is going to intimidate us like we will keep quiet so they do n't over hear us engaging you . No . That is what ? Another threat or warning from you ? Like we are going to be more vulnerable to Muslims because of your attacks on us so we should keep quiet and not stand up to you . No . Christian nastiness towards Hinduism is nothing new and neither is Islamic nastiness . Who cares who else reads .  There are no conversions by allurement . Yes , christians do..

..e growth of that sport.so to break in that vicious cycle in very important from the point of view of to support and promote the other sports .  Date : 2012-02-22 01:37:27  Added by : Viresh  Point : It is true that money in cricket is more but it is because of people having interest in that . One can easily see the amount of interest people are showing in IPL is much more than what IHL or any other sports league is getting .  Date : 2012-02-04 06:41:25  Added by : vijendra kumar  Point : lack of support b..

..titanium dioxide or zinc oxide have been used in combination with organic filters to enhance protection in the longer UVA range . Unlike organic filters , they work by reflecting and diffusing UVR . However , these powders also diffuse visible light because of their large particle size and give the skin a white appearance . To overcome this drawback , nanosized powders ( &lt;100 nm ) of titanium dioxide and zinc oxide have been used . However , minimizing the particle size changes the protective propertie..

.. outlook . " Said another way , ungrateful people make lousy self-change agents .  Do n't get me wrong . I know that there is a lot wrong in the world . Far too many good people dying in too many bad wars . . . far too many people losing their homes because of bad loans . . . far too many people with no job at all . I know , too , that during this holiday season that some of you may be faced with dire circumstances . Yet , " Once we are above the survival levels , " say Dominguez and Robin , " the differe..

..re , mumukshutva is not the first thing to seek . Viveka is the first thing we have to seek , and it comes first in the list of the sadhana-chatustaya ; mumukshutva comes last . Viveka is the seed , as it were , and mumukshutva is the fruit .  It is because of this difficulty in understanding the nature of salvation that many a spiritual seeker has been handicapped in his meditative processes . What obstructs our meditations is the Earthly pull , the pull of desire for that which exists , and not that whi..

..16 Test matches into his career . He made a tremendous hundred in that Sydney Test match , when he was given not out early , and it would never have been an issue in the past . He always waited for the umpire to give him out or not out . This time , because of the dramas afterwards , all of a sudden he was being called different things . All those things created extra doubt , which was hard , and when you 've got such hard competitors , such hard-nosed people as the guys we 're talking about , they do n't..

..t is deliberately refraining from putting in place a capable system of reining in corruption . Does the federal government have any answer why such a diluted draft of the Lokpal bill was prepared despite talking big about fighting corruption ? It is because of this deceit that people of the country are on the streets today . No matter how much the federal government calls itself committed to fighting corruption , the fact is that nothing is being done that would reassure people that the government is conc..

..ers , Future Group , to bring some of the most promising finds to market .  Consumers will be attracted to the products -- everything from all-natural cookies to a toothbrush that adds its own toothpaste -- because the profits go to a good cause and because of the subtle simplicity of the inventions , said Ashni Biyani , a top Future Group executive .  " These are ideas that are rooted within the context of India , " she said .  A device for climbing coconut trees ; water walking shoes that allow the wear..

..mposed a ban in general terms and granted power to Parliament in general terms to relax such ban as Parliament thinks fit . This is clearly begging the question and does not require any elaborate refutation .  ( e ) Another string to the bow is that because of the legal fiction created by the Explanation the inter-State sales or purchases were converted into intraState transactions . This , it will be recalled adopted in the majority decision in The State of Bombay v. The United Motors ( India ) Ltd. ( su..

..xceed those which are natural to them , the more it reduces the number of women who actually participate in these benefits ; and then the remainder are deprived of their natural rights by just the amount these few receive in excess of theirs : for , because of the unnaturally privileged position enjoyed by women as a consequence of monogamy and the marriage laws accompanying it , which regard women as entirely equal to men ( which they are in no respect ) , prudent and cautious men very often hesitate bef..

..800 's . It was commonly used in the production of fabrics , as well as twine , hemp paper and rope , which were all commonly used during this time period . The use of hemp was phased out when cotton became more widely grown to make fabrics but also because of US government fears of cannabis being used as a recreational drug .  Between 1914 and 1933 , 33 states passed laws to restrict the legal production of hemp . This was a result of the government attempting to control the use of Cannabis leaves for th..

..hological point of view , the " straights " were " threatened " by all the " weirdos " , but Im not sure that 's exactly the same thing . But the " dangerous " moniker was the language of right wing journalism ... " This country has gone to the dogs because of blacks , poofs , cults and lefties " type of thing ... ( when everyone was supposed to be white , hetero , christian and patriotic ) .  Maybe Osho threatened the status quo in the US , but do n't forget the perspective that no one likes a bunch of p..

..n the show as he is considered a legend too , Akhtar said : " I am in not in a hurry to go anywhere right now . Though this season , we have featured Pran saab and Dilip saab , who are very much with us , the rest have , of    Still in film industry because of critics : Sonam Kapoor  Actress Sonam Kapoor admits that her films have not " done well " but critics always supported her work and that is why she is still part of the Hindi film industry .  The 27 ? year ? old started her career with 2007 film " S..

..a flight delay , so she was very unhappy .  ( A ) as well as ( B ) in addition ( C ) also ( D ) furthermore  4 . George lost some money the downturn in the stock market .  ( A ) although ( B ) just as ( C ) because ( D ) due to No , D. You 'd need ' because of ' .  5. great employees , a company should listen to their ideas , recognize their contributions and reward them with special benefits  ( A ) if we keep ( B ) Keeping ( C ) To Keep ( D ) when keeping  6 . Joyce : Are n't you going to Shanghai for th..

...  He listed Right to Education , mid-day meal scheme , skill development mission , rural jobs scheme among significant achievements of the government .  " We have to bear in mind that the resources needed for these measures have been made available because of rapid economic growth , " he said .  Singh expressed confidence that the government 's "    Great to be in India on America 's Independence Day : US Ambassador  It is great to be at world 's largest democracy to celebrate the birthday of world 's ol..

..as Seth decided to cause a huge controversy by devising a plot in which Lata ? s grandson prefers a boy , considered totally unsuitable by his parents ?  Maybe the young man feels that only his grandmother will understand the storm raging within him because of his sexuality .  Certainly , the latter would be a braver novel which would reflect battles yet to be won in modern India ? even in the year 2013 when the sequel is due for publication . A Suitable Boy took eight years to write .  Seth doesn ? t lik..

..terazzi " old age combination . " Therefore , " Inter Press " said : " Mascherano will bite adhere to the End of Zia rest of the season , and then in June , after the surgery end of the season . " Mascherano Zia truce early last year for half a year because of right knee surgery , and 1 and Serie A Jerseys half years later , he again returns to a right knee surgery . In the attack line , Milito 's return time is delayed back again , but this time , he finally made a full recovery . " All market " in the I..

..e that the lender is not fraudulent or making dubious claims . Recommendations of friends work best and thorough background check ascertains the truth about the website of the financial institute .  Loan means repayment and the repaid amount is more because of interest . This is the reason that one should be absolutely sure that only a loan can solve the problem .  Lastly , there are online websites that offer prestigious amounts but ensure that there are no double meanings to any of the contracts . Most ..

..ng ) the Hindus which has led to their downfall  It was due to the unity of the Sikhs that they were able to withstand the oppression , massacres and holocausts by the Muslim rulers . Any other community would have disappeared into oblivion . It was because of the Sikh unity that they were able to survive , recover and take over Punjab just 3 years after going through a large holocaust in which half of the Sikh population was wiped out . Marathas , on the other hand , could never recover from their defeat..

..ria , North Korea , Russia etc who feel they are God 's gift to their nation . Yet , when these arrogant rulers fall , like Gaddafi and Saddam , their own people come to gloat over their carcass .  Similarly , the great Bharata battle was inevitable because of the arrogance of rulers of India at the time who felt " L'Etat c'est moi ! "  Likes of Kansa , Jarasandha , Shishupal and Duryodhan felt that could do anything they wanted because they were the state . They were above the law and indeed , they were ..

