..knife , we hear about how an abscess was lanced with a knife , how with a knife , or a scalpel , it was cut .  In the past , it seems , the Buddha-to-be was a King in a border country . Through association with bad people in the border country , and because of living with a violent scoundrel , one day while walking through the town on foot with a sword in his hand he went around cutting guiltless people down with the sword .  Through that unwholesome deed and its result , after boiling in Niraya hell for ..

..ata base of companies for our data-entry clerk members to partner and do many outsourcing jobs .  Did you know that work-from-home data-entry jobs ( which come in many formats ) are the #1 jobs on the Internet ?  Many of these jobs can not be filled because of the lack of experience , knowledge or resources to connect with the actual jobs .  With the ever-growing Internet market , it is necessary for online businesses to get their Web site exposed to this market through data entry marketing . Other compan..

.. sorted out , " Mr. Rajapaksa said .  Asked about the fate of the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement ( CEPA ) -- the comprehensive trade agreement that India and Sri Lanka had come close to signing but had to be thrown into the back burner because of sudden Sri Lankan resistance -- he said there was opposition to the signing of the CEPA with India from the local business community .  Asked about his stand on Indian fishermen crossing the International Maritime Boundary Line ( IMBL ) and fishing ..

..of the Child Brigade in Maththuvil Babu Camp and trained for three months on weapon handling . I was not permitted in any way to see my mother , brothers and sisters . Sometimes , though I strongly wanted to see my family , I kept away from doing so because of the LTTE punishment meted out to dissenters . We were forced to be in LTTE underground bunkers without any play or rest or on many occasions having nothing to eat . Southern people were projected as arch enemies of northern Tamils and LTTE men alway..

..cidal wars between Tamil militant groups , LTTE 's policy of eliminating dissidents and due to the onslaught of the dissent by the current government . Even the few existing Tamil politicians have become irrelevant in the face of the ordinary Tamils because of their alliance with the majoritarian government in power . Tamils are left without a voice . There is a massive vacuum in the Tamil political sphere . Predicament in 2009 is worse than that was in 1983 . Sinhalese nationalism is in full force at pre..

..cts , the Hambantota port project ( to a lesser extent , the Oluvil port project ) and the Mattala International Airport project have come under the heaviest criticism . After the initial grand opening show at Hambantota the project ran into trouble because of the presence of a rock lying submerged at the entrance to the port . It had to be blasted incurring additional costs . No commercial shipping activity is reported at the port yet except that some shipments of motor vehicles are said to be diverted t..

..le who bombed and killed and planned such atrocities . But no -- it 's anyone who benefits financially from a terrorist organisation , however faintly connected .  But wait -- does it have to be financial benefit ?  What if you received an education because of schools the LTTE organised ? Or had cases settled in an LTTE court ? Or were treated in LTTE-held hospitals ? Or drank LTTE water ? They had a whole parallel government up there , for a while .  Maybe the 280,000 internees are ALL terrorists ?  But ..

.. simple approach to prioritization tasks into the four categories ;  1 Urgent &; Important - they typically manifest as crisis , vital meetings , deadlines or demands for attention to critical emerging matters . Focusing on these can be overwhelming because of the " urgency " .  3 . Urgent but Not Important - they are some time known as phantom activities . They can be ( self ) deceptively misclassified to Quadrant 1 items , and often waste our precious time . Some emails and phone calls , interruptions ,..

.. the 2004-2005 Indian Ocean tsunami . The " core group " was actually a Pentagon plan to assess the geo-strategic implications of the tsunami and to gain the U.S. military access to areas where it had not previously been permitted . It was disbanded because of sharp criticism from the United Nations and European nations like France .  But India is apparently not the only South Asian nation being courted by the United States . The Times of India reported in June that Washington is in the process of station..

..articles mentioning the importance of loyalty marketing and I see loyalty marketing going to be important driver for an organization to generate sales without additional cost . These days retail chains always struggle to keep up loyalty of customers because of the scale of business and lack of personalization . Wall-mart , Tesco have implemented amazing mode of loyalty program and Tesco benchmarked them by using club card loyalty program . Currently I 'm in the process of reading the Tesco 's Club Card bo..

..ondon as its premiere , keeping up with her traditional style .  Q. Let me come straight to the point . You are here in London doing a teledrama/film for the third time . What is it that attracts you to London so much in producing teledramas ? Is it because of economies of scales or are you really looking out for Sri Lankan talent from the expatriate community in London ?  A. The friendship between Sri Lanka and England goes back a long way . We have a lot in common with England , such as the English Lang..

..e Portuguese Colonization . Tamils lost their Jaffna kingdom and lost a large percentage of their brethren to Catholicism . They have become Sinhalese , all the way from Puttalam to Southern Matara &; beyond .  We can say very confidently that it is because of the Portuguese colonization that the Sinhalese find themselves as an overwhelming majority in Sri Lanka today viz a viz the Tamil minority .  As Sri Lankas written historical annal , the Mahavamsa , mentions , ethnic Tamils have found themselves in ..

..xperiment in modern history .  Kenneth Abeywickrama  30 December 2010 .  1 See webpage of Bread    Muammar Gaddafi in Sri Lanka ( 1976 )  Colonel Gaddafi visited Sri Lanka in 1976 for the Non-Aligned Conference in 1976 and was an immediate sensation because of his maverick behaviour . His first personal contact with Sri Lankan officials was at the previous Non-Aligned Meeting in Algeria . Here he sent out an invitation to Mrs. Bandaranayake , then Prime Minister , to have afternoon tea with him . Nonpluss..

..for almost 30 years . Even though Ossie was my father , he was not a treasure belonging only to me and my family . He belonged to a large number of innocent people . I understand that . Like my heart wept , those others who lost their family members because of terrorism must have wept . Today , that deadly terrorism has come to an end which is a great    The evolution of the meter  When the meter Taxi phenomenon started , it was quite a relief for those who depended on the 3-wheeled mode of transport to r..

.. time to teach with so many assignments and evaluation sheets to be filled . We have to spend more time doing paper work than teaching . " She mentions that , " Every student is not in the same level . The student-based system does not work properly because of that . Students have to be assisted and guided by the teacher most of the time , especially in subjects like English . The student is expected to learn almost everything by themselves and I can not say it is entirely practical . "  * Group activitie..

.. alter . And once we link LPG to Aadhar , a large number of duplication will be eliminated . These are invisible savings which are likely to come in the long run , " he said .  Chidambaram dismissed the perception that government plunged into action because of a " looming threat " of downgrading by rating agencies . He said government does not frame policy for rating agencies . " We do n't make policies to get rating by credit rating agencies . We are making policies , what are doable and what are impleme..

..ain , the cycle of existences will continue without end . These conditions are therefore called things that proliferate ( ussad ? ) . It has been stated that they are no longer in extant . This expression has been omitted in the motto stated earlier because of its nature of causative effect . The meaning of the said motto and the relevant verse is clear enough .  Verse Nine  The gist of this verse is that craving and wrong view , which may be relied upon by a person , no longer exist . Realising the truth..

..ace in Sri lanka and India . The main problem here is not observing the cultural Nationalism but , how the power relationship is built in Sri Lanka to promote cultural Nationalism . The issue of deaprtmentalisation and isolation which are in visible because of lack of understanding and respecting other ethic ' s self determination and their dignity for decent life .  we are only seeing the surfaced issues and not focusing on the root causes for its deviation . Why we can not promoting cultural nationalism..

..close market share    How to Cheat on Your Spouse , Here 's Advice From the Expert  It 's not easy being one of the most hated people on the internet , but Noel Biderman makes it look easy . The founder and CEO of AshleyMadison.com is often targeted because of the service his company offers : a secretive solution for married individuals looking to cheat on their spouses . Despite all the angry messages , comments , and multiple attacks from TV personalities , Noel keeps his head held high . Perhaps it 's ..

.. back-log of over 50,000 awaiting Registration until the Minister in charge ( MR ) decides ! ! THIS IS THE DEMOCRACY in which this Professorial MP mouths his piece every now and then . Relate this back-log to the tamils who are visiting the North -- because of their new found Economical status .  The Tamils overseas numbering over a million will have expanded statistically and economically in the near future , when the Island will have to cater to SL TAMIL TOURISTS -- the English-speaking sinhala boys wil..

..lopments . It would also    ' I t 's the economy stupid ' was the popular phrase publicised widely by the Bill Clinton team during the Presidential elections campaign of 1992 .  George Bush Sr running for a second term was seen as a sure winner then because of developments like the end of the cold war and the US gulf war victory . But the Clinton campaign focused on the recession and projected Clinton as a better choice because Bush had not adequately addressed economic issues . Clinton won and " It 's th..

..corded the best figures for his country in all Twenty20 with 4-15 against Zimbabwe .  " I do n't think anyone would disagree that Jacques would be the best all-rounder in our generation in all forms of the game . He 's improving everyday and that 's because of the hunger that he    South Africa upstage Sri Lanka in rain-shortened match  South Africa beat hosts Sri Lanka by a convincing 32 run margin in a rain-shortened seven-over-a-side World Twenty20 group C match here on Saturday .  South Africa were go..

..stly led and participated by University students but it was suppressed really brutally by the government . Because of that experience , we , as University lecturers , are rather reluctant to get the participation of the students . By now , however , because of the lack of attention to our struggle on the part of the Government , our struggle has become much wider than a trade union struggle . Therefore , other trade unions are joining us now . Starting from 23rd August , when there was a huge rally in Col..

..ingle combat , showing that he has learned from his tavern experiences that the common man has worth and that multiple deaths are to be avoided . The King refuses and offers compromise once more . Falstaff has a prose soliloquy which has great force because of its position before the battle and amidst the high-minded discourse of war and chivalry : he questions the very concept of honour in terms opposite to those of Hotspur , pointing out that it can not heal the wounds of battle and is an empty word for..

..ning key engineers in these acquisitions , whMU Onlineich makes it more difficult to maintain strong new product momentum .  2 . As a result of missteps over the past year hetian jade , Intel has not been able to keep up with industry growth rates , because of overall poor trends in average selling prices and losses in new businesses . Only a month ago , Intel announced that it was recalling its 1.13-GHz Pentium III processors . Intel has also suffered in terms of its chipset production ( bugs again ) and..

..ention is urgently needed , first initiative is the UNHRC resolution passed at the 19 th session in March 2012 .  International Intervention and what is the future for Tamils ?  International interest during the last stages of the conflict increased because of the news report about the ferocity of the war resulting in numerous deaths of men , women and children who were caught in the cross fire ; many world political leaders and humanitarian organizations raised this issue through public statements and di..

.. public investment on education ? So far , so good . If we look at our other Asian neighbours , which are miracles of one sort or another , none have managed to become a miracle without investing in higher education . Miracles , as you know , happen because of God . And God helps those who help themselves .  The government has said education in the island is of such high standards , compared to our neighbours , that the budget allocation needs no increase . Sri Lanka as we know boasts the highest literacy..

..on the orders of defense Secretary Gotabaya Rajapakse by a former Sergeant Major of the Special Force 's ( SF 's ) LRRP unit . His name is Maddumage Wasantha who lost a leg during the Mamaduwa in Vavuniya District army operations .  He left the Army because of his disabled condition on medical grounds . Although he is supposed to have left the Army , he is even now carrying out orders of his mentor Gotabaya Rajapakse while being based at the STF regiment Headquarters , abducting civilians in the white Van..

..Contrary to popular opinion , web portals talk not only with big and well-off clients . The largest web portals :  An alternative to a web portal are advertising networks . Their functioning consists in grouping of hundreds of small websites which , because of a relatively small traffic , are not able to win advertisers on their own . As it groups websites dealing with similar subjects and having similar target groups , an advertising network is able to sell attractive advertising space and at the same ti..

..grates through existences . " Buddha explains the causal process of how each of the 12 nidanas , including consciousness , arise dependently and never by itself , This is the doctrine of paticca samuppada :  " When this arises , this arise Such as , because of ignorance arise determinations . Because of determinations arise consciousness . Because of consciousness arise name and matter . Because of name and matter arise the six mental spheres . Because of the six mental spheres arise contact . Because of ..

..ten , I hope so , but old car with new engine . Whatever , stated here , well known by all people . We did not find anything intresting or useful . No body give us good useful Veenai and we did not throw anything that was useful . It is all happen , because of Indian intrest in Srilanka . At that time they had a chance to use innocent Tamils problem as their tools . Now , people like you barking and advising us , we lost the good Veenai and wasted it and blaming our sole representive LTTE . Who are you to..

..a by doing something unnecessary .  Today there is no major issue for the government to intervene and solve . Therefore , even a minor issue can be staged as a major issue . Certain organized elements may lead ' issue campaigns ' . Some issues occur because of misunderstandings and shortcomings of officials .  Q : The pro-LTTE elements active from foreign lands will continue to exist . The JVP rebel group says they have contacts with former LTTE cadres and heading for an armed struggle . What can the Sri ..

.. we get there at 1 or 2 a.m. in the morning , so I cancel our reservation , and we decide to get off before Quito .  The trip has been very good - and it was even an ' adventure trip ' , and the cheapest we found ! Lots of animals ( which was mainly because of the guide ) .  Jorge and Marcelo does n't come and say good bye to us ( they said they would ) , so they miss their tip . We all go with the same bus to Quito , and Martin decides to go with us to the hot springs in Papallacta - he has told us many ..

.. you want to be silent , if someone is speaking , then what you can learn to do is to observe the anger , to be aware of that anger . Your tension , your anger is in relation to what is happening inside you , and not what the person is doing . It is because of your sensitivity that you developed that anger .  So this is where loving-kindness comes in . So you say to yourself : I am angry , I am annoyed , I am a meditator , but it is okay to get annoyed . It is okay to get irritated , because that person i..

..r , the situation was worse than imaginable . Many years had passed since that unfortunate day , the town is back on its feet and buzzing with energy . We stopped at a small restaurant for breakfast and the food was awesome . I presume it was mainly because of readily available fresh ingredients for food .  After breakfast we headed back to Trincomalee and packed our bags to return back to Colombo . We took the Trincomalee-Kandy road ( A6 ) and proceeded to Ambepussa through Dambulla and Polgahawela . The..

..ld only provide immunization through the Primary Health Care network of services and that we should strengthen the system to deliver immunization on a methodical and systematic basis .  How correct this decision was . Immunization became sustainable because of this and Sri Lanka has been able to eliminate immunizeable diseases such as polio , whooping cough , tetanus and measles . Establishing the practice of immunization itself was a great achievement which was supported by the Health Education system an..

..time for pressuring GoSL ? "  You mean to say we have to teach this regime how to manage the many facets of its administration ? How pathetic ? A govt has the responsibility , for instance to run its health programmes and its foreign office and just because of funding problems tell the people to stop seeking medical treatment ought to be provided by the govt .  For a govt that caged 300,000 of its own citizens with no regard to respect and human dignity , expecting to entreat their psychological is obviou..

..of planting material during summer time , when temperate flowers are difficult to handle .  A tendency of increasing the number of varieties of temperate flowers in production has been observed . These varieties are easily introduced into production because of their commercial value . In recent years a range of varieties of roses , anthurium , chrysanthemum , carnation , orchids etc. were introduced and were quickly established in the local market . As a result , these have become the most important comme..

.. was n't clear in the beginning . I knew I wanted to employ and train people to create items from salvaged tsunami items to help raise money . But such wreckage was , of course , available anywhere and everywhere . I originally considered Banda Aceh because of how severely destroyed it appeared in aerial video/photos . It seemed soon enough , however , that Aceh was already getting incredible attention .  Before I was too far in with my planning I heard from a former colleague , Francesca Koe , who was ju..

..But at present , if the theories of Menzel and Whipper are correct , its actual surface is covered completely by a liquid mantle , a large , continuous ocean . 13  I have described the ancient belief that worlds may end by combustion as a rueful one because of the possibility that man might eventually bring it about himself , a possibility which at the time of writing seems to be in the increase . There is , in any case , a clear connection in Buddhist thought between the total kamma of beings taking birt..

..ne and the people who advanced before me are getting the cars these days . This is insane . I 'm planning to take my money and go for a japanese car . It is not worth to wait more than six months for a chinese car . I asked why is this delay , is it because of less capasity or what . But they they were telling they are having the production capacity but they got some shipment of components delay . But that thing they told already in march also .  We ordered a Panda Cross in late 2011 , and will be receivi..

..tful day , has in fact disobeyed Abul-Qasim , ( i.e. , Messenger of Allah ( PBUH ) ) . Abu Dawud and At-Tirmidhi .  Commentary : " Doubtful day ' ' here signifies the day of 30th Shaban . In other words , if the moon is not sighted on 29th of Shaban because of clouds and a person observes Saum , he will be in doubt whether it is the 30th of Shaban or the 1st of Ramadan . Thus , there is no need to observe Saum on a doubtful day , and one    Chapter 224 Hurairah ( May Allah be pleased with him ) reported :..

.. Minister , he tried to respond to problems in a practical and positive manner , more professionally rather than as a dogmatic intellectual . He had enormous drive and a stupendous capacity for hard work . He established himself as a national figure because of his proven competence and leadership potential .  ( extracted from an appreciation written by his brother AC Nuhuman which appeared    Prof. Suriyakumaran with the Asian headquarters of the UN in the background , shortly after his institution of the..

.. towards those who excel us . Macchariya is meanness that makes us reluctant to see others become as prosperous as ourselves . These two fetters of envy and meanness frustrate us and cause quarrels , enmity , danger and misery . Those who envy a man because of his prosperity , influence or status will be unhappy , however much they may talk about their desire for inner peace . Their unhappiness stems from the evil designs they harbour against the object of their envy . Naturally , those whom one envies be..

..ways one-way Manda and I saw the difference between a local and a Benny : bennies always wanted to feed the damn gulls .  The boardwalk was quick and painless ; we were protected from the sun that had been beating on my shoulders the past 10 minutes because of the gazebo . The gazebo , which was a town landmark and late night teenage hang out , was located at the entrance of the beach , a centimeter from the dunes that had been " adopted " by some affluent family in 1992 . It always casted a long shadow t..

..oles ?  Existence of a free public healthcare system in the country for many many years has indeed proved to be a great relief to the whole nation . Thanks to it , people beset by inflation get treatment and medicines absolutely free of charge . But because of rampant corruption , frauds and the commissions &; kickbacks game in the system , its very survival is now threatened . It has now come to light that a sizeable amount of public funds allocated to the sector ends up in the pockets of certain entrenc..

..nd a half months to get the connection disconnected and my device cost refunded . In the meantime despite I paid one months bill and was told the other months were being waived and I would get my deposit back . They then disconnected my regular line because of non-payment of the HSPA bill and in the end did n't refund my deposit and did n't even bother apologizing for all the inconvenience . Stay well away from Dialog , they are a complete bunch of morons .  I had a funny experience too . When i had a muc..

..hristian God is invisible nobody will ever know whether a marriage is " made in heaven " so the statement in Mk 10.9 is completely ineffective .  22 . . In a well-known statement Jesus asks people to be like children . It is well known that children because of their as yet not-fully-developed mind are more gullible and could easily be brain-washed into accepting preposterous claims . Jesus apparently felt that women were also in this position . This attitude of Jesus far from being complimentary to women ..

.. all to fight back democratically against very powerful forces dispensing injustice .  Sorry , me think I made a mistake.Each provincial council is guaranteed 200 million dollars instead of 200 billion as I have stated.My numeracy skills may be poor because of my public education in Sri Lanka where the teachers just kept scribbling something on the board that only they could understand while we students were having a nice chat.Of course when boredom sets in a paperball or two would be sent off , sometimes..

.. that very little has changed since Razeek was taken away in one of Sri Lanka ? ? s now notorious ? ? white vans ? ? two years ago .  Yet , the case is one of the few examples of disappearances where there is actually credible to convict criminals , because of the arrest of key suspects and the discovery of the body . Yet police and state reluctance to properly carry out procedures have cast a shadow over this process , making it increasingly difficult to uncover the truth of what happened to Razeek , and..

.. optimistic and optimistic connotations . Blooms like crocuses , hyacinths , and daisies are common related to Von Miller Jersey innocence , wish , and fresh enjoy .  Just as much as the wedding friends may such as an open bar , do n't spring season because of it whether it does n't easily fit in your financial allowance . Open up cafes will always be major hits at parties , nonetheless they are n't quite as entertaining for your person that has to pay for it . Assembled a summary of some preferred mixed ..

.. used in a distinct and lovely-sounding voice .  11 . I am no goblin , O most distinguished of men , I am a forest-animal living within thy realm , reared upon thy grass and water . So thou mayst put confi-dence in me .  12 . Do not despond , then , because of thy fall into the precipice . I have the power to rescue thee from thence . If thou thinkest me trustworthy , then quickly command me and I come . "  This marvellous speech of the animal roused the 231 admiration of the king . Shame arose within his..

..ough knowledge of the Buddha-dhamma . Perhaps they might have heard only that good deeds have good results , and it was this simple teaching that motivated M ? gha to do good . He did not hope to attain the holy path or nibb ? na by doing this , but because of his good deeds he became the king of the gods , and after hearing the Buddha 's discourse , he attained the first stage of the holy path .  This shows that a person may not have nibb ? na in mind while he is doing good deeds , but if he believes in ..

..the amount is forfeited . In the event that the cancellation is made after that , there is a 100 % cancellation fee . Should    Message from the MD/CEO  The launch of HORIZON CAMPUS gives me immense pleasure and an enormous sense of achievement more because of the extensive suite of magnificent opportunities we will be able to offer in the way of education to the youth of Sri Lanka at an affordable fee and at internationally acceptable quality .  Conceptually , the establishment of a university style educ..

.. form a sinus that discharge mucus . Its epithelial lining is everted to form a pink mass called an adenoma as was seen in this infant . It is also referred to as a raspberry tumour the everted mucosa giving a raspberry like appearance . It is moist because of mucus and tends to bleed . It consists of a columnar epithelium rich in goblet cells .  In the treatment if pedunculated the stalk is tied , it may reappear and then a umbilectomy is recommended . The disadvantage of this operation is that the child..

..ddle-East .  " That exposes the potential of this ( ME ) market and I , with the advice received from President Mahinda Rajapaksa , moved to exploit this opportunity , " he said . And it 's reaping rewards .  The Russians and the Arabs are cash rich because of oil , Musthapha said . And they are bigger spenders than those who come from the traditional markets , he said . " As such , I do n't mind even if the numbers from those relatively new markets are small , because they make up for this deficiency by ..

..ary of the resort that remains the first in the Maldives in every positive sense .  However fantastic the Maldives is for a holiday ( and I have written half-a-dozen books set there ) Sri Lanka is still , for me , the best destination in the world ( because of its contrasts and diversity ( and its train rides ) . A Which is a plug for my book    ROYSTON ? ? S REPORT , NUMBER 132  ROPICAL TOPICS , Sunday 21 October 2012 .  A  Greetings to readers around the world , with some travel notes this week .  A  La..

..s easy to stray off the point . Avoid biography . Let us assume that the question asks : " Is Emma a comic novel ? " First : write in rough one sentence that answers the question . This might be : " Emma is a comic novel despite its serious elements because of the irony and wit , the social satire , the comic characters and the happy ending . " All these points you can glean from my Chapter-by-Chapter account . There you have the backbone of your essay . This key sentence , with a little tweaking and expa..

..rise as one family and people of one nation against Darusman report '  3 May 2011 , 11:10 pm  via Dept. of Govt . Information , Sri Lanka  T he veteran film star and the popular TV presenter Ravindra Randeniya has said that the challenge we face now because of the Darusman report is greater than the challenge we faced during the war .  At that time we had a known enemy but behind the present challenge there is a force greater than that and it has been camouflaged as a corrective measure . He pointed out t..

..an for my life that did n't include any of this . "  " We help everyone we can , but we especially target African-American women . Outside of gay men , they have the greatest risk of contracting HIV and have less access to treatment . That 's partly because of economics , but in this community , there 's also a mistrust of medicine and a stigma around AIDS . My work is all about empowerment . "  " When I think about how old my kids are now -- 27 , 30 and 31 -- I get chill bumps . I was n't expected to liv..

..lems that may cause hormonal changes .  Age and Reasons for Infertility  If you wondered why age was listed first among the factors that influence female infertility , it is because aging decreases a woman 's ability to bear children and this may be because of the ovaries ' deteriorating ability to produce eggs as well as the deteriorating quality of the eggs she already possesses . We know that aging is associated with different health problems in both men and women and in reasons for infertility , and w..

..not as Prime Minister be attending that Commonwealth summit . And I hope others will take a similar position . "  But it is unlikely that the other Commonwealth leaders will follow an undiplomatic Stephen Harper who has developed traumatic syndromes because of alleged war crimes supposed to have been committed by the Sri Lankan Armed Forces in the final phase of the war which raged for 27 years with the Tamil Tiger .  And Manmohan Singh too did his part to pacify directly the " political idiots of Tamil N..

.. rebirth . But if he is looked after well , he will see that everything needful and possible has been done for him , and he will ascribe his affliction to the unavoidable results of his own kamma . He will be friendly towards those who nurse him and because of these thoughts of friendliness he will have a happy rebirth . The second type -- one who is sure to recover -- and one only slightly ill should also be nursed , so that their recovery may be quickened . " Back  " Enter the path of assurance " ( okka..

..how pity on living beings . They will lift the water from great seas to moisturize all woodland , forests , grains , herbs , flowers , fruits , sugar cane and others . The rain like sweet dew will moisturize all beings . Everyone will gain longevity because of the strength of the Sutra and Mantra . "  " Moreover , Manjushri ! After my extinction , in the Evil World of Five Turbidities , if there are living beings who without righteousness are greedy for wealth while carrying out business affairs . They ch..

.. placed them ahead of the par score of 104 after New Zealand had totaled 250 for six from their 50 overs .  It was a frustrating end to proceedings but at least it meant one side secured victory after the first two matches of the tour were abandoned because of rain .  Thursday 's first scheduled ODI , also in Pallekele , was called off without a ball being bowled and before that the two sides took part in a Twenty20 International in which only 16 overs were completed .  The rain that ended the action on S..

..received the prediction from that Gracious One , The Buddha-to-be as Jotip ? la had later ordained under the Buddha Kassapa , who then confirmed that he would become a Buddha himself at a later date . 2 he wasted away in the transmigration of births because of that deed . But in the end he attained his existence as Vessantara , His last earthly existence before the birth as Siddhattha , for which see the final J ? taka ( J ? . 547 ) . 3 and after falling away from that , he re-arose in the Tusita realm . ..

.. imagery and Buddhism ; and ( b ) the grievances and demands of the underprivileged directed against the privileged classes . i  MR cut 3 colombotelegraph  populist authoritarianism is sometimes described as a form of " plebiscitarian dictatorship " because of its Bonapartist motifs and its mass appeal , mass support that is sometimes confirmed by referendums . So , the issue arises : are we in danger of sliding in this direction under the impulses of the Rakjapaksas and the forces they have assembled ?  ..

..up your scrap book and make sure all the pictures    ' Environmental Sustainability ' has become a fancy term in our corporative world . Corporates ' are moving towards green and being more responsible to the environment and to the society . Is this because of the upcoming Rio+20 or the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development due to be taken place June ?  It 's said to be Rio+20 is going to be one of biggest and most important summit in UN history . This conference might replace the current B..

..s , suddenly , there is digital SLR camera fever in which it makes people want to buy the camera though most of them do not know about all of the camera features . So , some of those people are only bought the camera for a matter of prestige and not because of the camera feature itself . However , aside of what that might be the cause of buying the camera , mostly , digital SLR camera prices are very expensive . Thus , for some people , this camera is out of reach . But , for some other they might be able..

..eral ( Retired ) Mahan Vilant , Israeli Deputy Defense Minister , Christian Sommande , Executive Director , French High Committee for Civil Defense . It was the 26th international research conference that I have attended . I am compelled to say this because of the statements of the Higher Education authorities as to the absence of international versatility of our university scholars . Prof. Veranja Karunaratna of the Department of Chemistry of the University of Peradeniya has applied for four US patents d..

..ntercepted and physically tapping the fiber takes great skill to do undetected . Thus , the fiber is the most secure medium available for carrying sensitive data .  Non Conductive Cables  Metal cables can encounter other signal transmission problems because of subtle variations in electrical potential . Electronic designers assume that ground is a uniform potential . That is reasonable if ground is a single metal chassis , and it 's not too bad if ground is a good conductor that extends through a small bu..

..is out on bail .  It is not clear whether the Police asked to release Nawshaad or whether the order had come from Attorney General ? ? s department .  Razeek ? ? s family and the Puttalam Mosque committee suspect that Nawshaad may have been released because of influence from Minister Rishard Bathiudeen , who at the time headed the Resettlement Ministry , and with whom Nawshaad had admitted to be being closely associated with . Rishard Bathiudeen has been in the news recently for allegedly leading an assau..

..e it as a vehicle ...  Marketing takes the organization from where it is conceptualized or situated to the target audience . Since I think it 's apt to define marketing as a vehicle . Here I have referred a set of organizations as " conceptualized " because of the recent development of the virtual organizations which do n't have any physical existence . Importantly for this type of organizations marketing carries an extra burden of developing credibility over the organization .  The marketing vehicle whic..

..ollowing this tour postponement began probing via the PR firm as to what would be the response of the British government in the event the President is arrested while he is in the UK . When the PR firm responded that the President can not be arrested because of the diplomatic immunity afforded to him while he is in the UK , sources say that Mahinda Rajapaksa decided to proceed with the tour based on that assurance . When the President made up his mind to go on the tour , our Mission in Britain intimated th..

..he five groups well , They still exist ; but with their roots removed . Unmovable am I , On a stable basis sure , Now rebirth is no more .  Th ? 102 -- 106  So ? ? ' s sister-nuns , who had formerly been her severe critics , and who had thought that because of her age she would not be able to change , now apologised to her sincerely and endeavoured to follow her good example .  The Half-Sister of the Awakened One  When she was born , Nanda was lovingly welcomed by her parents -- the father of the Buddha a..

.. country can not be governed when a minority wants a bigger piece of the pie . What about the other minorities ? Arguements based on historical homeland is as chauvinistic as the Sinhala extremists . There lies the problem  Amma is not a joker It is because of our dear Amma ( Jeyalalitha ) India voted for resolution Both Amma are good Amma ( Jeyalalitha ) and OB-AMMA ( President ) Both played role passing the resolution Karunanithi is a liar and a joker I agree with Ravana on this  Once again , this is a ..

..ave a foreign friend who happened to be travelling with us behind in Puthukudiyiruppu , as there was no other place where she could wait for us amidst the military camps and jungles , and we did n't want to lose the opportunity to visit these people because of an arbitrary " no foreigners " policy .  To reach the place , we had to take the dusty and bumpy Vattrappalai -- Puthukudiyiruppu road . There was no sign board at the turn off into the small byroad and it was not easy to find , even though we had t..

.. That is why they are giving prominence to UN report and the channel 4 . They do this not merely to get some political advantage but more for stabilizing the Mahinda regime . Mahinda regime is a puppet government made by them . They are worried that because of the continuation of Tamil dispute , Mahinda regime could get into disrepute and become unstable . India and other global powers are worried on that . Hence they press Lanka to clear the idea that Tamils are living under repression . Hence they want ..

..tively targeted by certain countries at the behest of some who , we believe , still bear resentment at the clear and decisive decision taken at the Special Session in 2009 . This attempt to undermine the Resolution of 2009 is unacceptable especially because of the continuing improvement in Sri Lanka during the intervening period .  A resolution that dwells on the past will impose on this Council the character of an adjudicatory body , with no limitation as to its competence to reopen and revisit matters o..

..devious , nasty , smelly rat here .  Did you know that even mighty India has its army planted well along the Kashmir border in case Pakistan claims it . Well .... what do you know ? It all points to Canada 's disingenuous ploy against Sri Lanka just because of the Tamil-Canadian vote and their money 's that keep bloating your party and riding coffers . Right ?  2 . Sri Lanka has a hostile neighbour , India that never can be trusted . These are the bad guys and gals who took the bare-footed Tamil guerillas..

..endorse the baseless and discredited allegations , in the Darusman Report , of an exaggerated civilian casualty figure during the last stages of the terrorist conflict , which has not been agreed upon even among the senior UN officials at the time , because of the speculative nature of the information which could not be verified .  While this Report is an internal review of the UN 's action in Sri Lanka during the terrorist conflict , the Ministry 's attention has been drawn to certain issues with regard ..

..e vital ingredients necessary for creativity , enterprise , and excellence . It is worse when the few thinkers amongst the academia , politicians , journalists , and the legal luminaries join in this    Our country is being sidelined internationally because of the inequities and sufferings inflicted on the people by the Govt . ? Sajith Premadasa  ( Lanka-e-News , July 15 , 2010 , 9.30AM ) Hambantota District UN P M P sajith Premadasa addressing a media briefing at the Opposition media unit on the 14th sai..

.. fierce , venomous , poisonous , Dragon-King 's psychic power with ( his own ) power , but    Then at that time those yogis who wanted to tend the sacred fires were not able to chop the firewood . Then this occurred to those yogis : " No doubt it is because of the Great Ascetic 's psychic power that we are not able to chop the firewood . " Then the Gracious One said this to the yogi Uruvelakassapa : " Let the firewood be chopped , Kassapa . " " Let it be chopped , Great Ascetic , " and more than five hund..

..ess    " Chief Justice May Not Get A Fair Trial " -- SL  Apata Puthe Ratak Nethe  Former Parliamentarian and Senior Counsel S. L. Gunasekera says the alleged statement by a governing party MP that the impeachment motion against the Chief Justice was because of the verdict against the Divi Neguma Bill is a threat to the Judiciary to give judgments hereafter that favor the government and if they give any judgment that does not favor the government , they would be impeached . " I think this impeachment was n..

..rs and helpers have written to me to express their regret at being unable to attend and to wish the meeting all success . Their letters have already been read out . The other donors and helpers to whom letters have been sent are absent today perhaps because of the difficulties of travel during these days more probably because they are confident that we will go into the matter thoroughly and elect a competent Sub-Committee and therefore feel that their personal presence is not very essential on this occasi..

..kely accepted a bribe .  Illegal Gratuity  The federal illegal gratuity statute similarly prohibits a public official from directly or indirectly demanding , seeking , receiving , accepting , or agreeing to accept anything of value personally for or because of any official act performed or to be performed by such official . In considering this statute , the Supreme Court has held that an illegal gratuity " may constitute merely a reward for some future act that the public official will take ( and may alre..

..and held for few minutes . Then she started walking alone and playing with her sister as usual .  On the 2 nd day she has not got out of the bed requesting to carry her . She also had refused to get down when carrying her . Mother thought that it is because of jealousy towards her sister and to get attention . Therefore it was passed unnoticed . Mother added that sometimes her both legs are shaking , but neglected thinking that she is doing it deliberately . As the previous day , after 1-2 hours of carryi..

.. final and there is no point in him quitting captaincy . And saying he does nt have age till next WC . Dilshan on other hand is almost same age and was picked .  Except Mahel or Kumar is SL thinking of any choices ?  Angelo is not captaincy material because of his frequent injuries . Do they think of ay alternative or promote one ?  Chandimal is on one option . Tharanga would right one but he is involved in drugs so can not consider .  SL needs to re think to bring more youngsters atleast for sake of futu..

..al objects ) particles have wave properties . When a classical wave interacts with a wall with two slits in it , it spawns two waves which interfere with each other beyond the wall . So according to western physicists the two waves at the slit arise because of the wave property of the quantum particles . They need this property in order to justify the probability density at the screen which is derived by summing up two waves . According to them particles do interact like waves giving rise to an interferen..

..ndian government on the other hand is trying to pacify the Tamilnadu government in order to retain its support for the stability of the government in Delhi . With this objective in view , though India does not like the LTTE , it supports them openly because of exigencies of domestic politics . Apart from the short and long term political and economic interests the Indian government also inclined to do so as it wants to maintain the policeman role in south Asia .  Lack of vision and strategy on the part of..

..can we improve your ananmanan experience ?  At Ananmanan , we strive to bring you the best original sinhala mp3 for you to download in many formats. ( mp3 , zip , &; mobile version ) We are constantly making improvements to our web site , frequently because of input we receive from our viewers . If you are interested in providing feedback , please give us your valuable thought , suggetions or anything . It should only take a couple of minutes to complete . We ask for no    We have always have an intention..

..y and shake them off as I shy away from confrontation -- but I should n't . Though shaking them off can be satisfying . The stalking happens even in the duty-free shop at Colombo airport ...  Agree . I 've walked out of shops without buying anything because of the stalking . The local Odel ( out of Colombo ) is pretty bad -- staff have not much to do , so they ALL start following you around the moment you walk in . I guess it 's drilled into them that they have to be close by A ) for super fast customer s..

..ying in the air , crying with outrage ' hey ! That album rocked ! ' , we can only nod with gratitude for the wisdom we have been blessed with for growing up with a different generation . And know what our parents must 've meant when they used to say because of their decades of different and preceding experiences , ' you do n't know what you 're talking about . '  I 'd Come For You by Nickelback  They are the guys who made rock radio the clich that no longer sells .  But like a soft toy bunny fastened to a..

..y and complex interactions with third party operators that degrade the overall performance of the retail company .  Many retail companies benefit from drastically lower sourcing prices from China and other low-cost countries , getting higher volumes because of price elasticity and better margins due to the low purchasing prices . However , the flipside is more complex and dynamic sourcing with increased responsibility to ensure quality and conformity with ethical , financial , and environmental aspects of..

..ing organised crime groups " ( i.e. Kosovo Albanians ) continue to threaten Europe with their trafficking in " heroin and human beings " ( p.32 ) .  The report also alleges , inconsistently , that the North of Kosovo remains a haven for crime mainly because of " the lack of control over the north by the Pristina-based Kosovo authorities " . But if they can not tackle crime in the parts of Kosovo they do control , then why is their lack of control an explanation for crime in the North ?  One would have tho..

..g a candidate against UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee apparently forced the NDA to defer its decision on the Presidential election .  At a two-hour inconclusive meeting of the NDA , the JD(U) is believed to have not favoured a fight against . Mukherjee because of his stature . However , the BJP is said to have been keen on backing former Speaker P. A. Sangma , who has been propped up by BJD and AIADMK with an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha polls .  Sangma too is defiant and has said he is still in the race despit..

..s ' needs . By moving the internal apps to a public cloud managed by Google apps , BBVA , one of Spain 's largest banks , responded to the growing mobility needs of the bank 's workforce while reaping the benefits of cost savings . This was possible because of lower upfront IT CAPEX investments , increased efficiencies linked to scalability of cloud deployments and reduced risks linked to IT deployments by transferring ( in part ) to cloud service providers .  Cloud computing , a disruptive innovation , c..

..ity detail . So too would people visiting her mother .  Also she had excessive faith in the Indian Swamy . Irrational as it may seem to some she had firm faith in the amulet given by the Godman . She would re-iterate that nothing would happen to her because of the amulet .  Maheswari had been warned not to go to Jaffna for security reasons . But she was adamant to go for sentimental reasons .  She wanted to be together with family members by the deathbed of her mother . Maheswari had taken special care of..

..ill enter for a certain time . It will be enough if one makes a strong , firm resolution for a certain time , no more , no less . However once you are in that state you can not change that resolution . One interesting thing after one emerges is that because of the strength of that experience one can see it through the power of memory , reflection , and recollection . Then one starts to reflect : " What was that ? " , " How was that ? " . Certainly , the second jhna becomes so much more blissful than the f..

.. , you see only minuses in yourself ; and when you see minuses in yourself , you see minuses in others too , so that you can create a hell with only minuses .  So the importance of the Dhamma is that it enables us not to create suffering in this way because of our mistakes , but instead we learn to ask the question : what can I learn from my mistake ? What does it indicate about myself ? This kind of inquiry has to be done in a very friendly , gentle , understanding way , without giving any minuses . Then..

