..ll means ; I wanted you to be happy . I know what I did was totally wrong but I did it out of desperation to give you a child . Elliot , please forgive me . I do n't know    Monday , 26 November 2012  My sister 's happiness is hanging in the balance because of a one night stand  It was the evening of our Passing out Parade ( POP ) in Kaduna , so in excitement , some of my friends and I decided to go and celebrate the end of our compulsory one year National Youth Service in one of the popular night clubs i..

..cific , non-automatable refactorings . A typical example is splitting a module or class into two to separate out functionality .  Statically typed languages have an inherent advantage over dynamically typed languages in the first type of refactoring because of the extra information encoded in static types . However static types are a burden in the second type of refactoring because they always require the entire system to be type correct . This means that it is not possible to make , and test , small loca..

.. context capitalism can be seen as a demon especially the corrupted form we find in the western world , llok at russia and the oligarchy , theres no doubt that a lot of people in cuba want the system changed but at the same time the suffering is not because of the system of government but the unjust punishemnt they are going through from bush , if there was no embargo the place will be a paradise .  Kobojunkie :  It is easy for people who live outside of a system to make claims like " It works well " . I ..

..most of the comments here is shameful , infact I feel ashamed when going through comments in nigerian sites .. Which way Nigerians ? If at all air space is closed for a certain hour or road being closed , Nigeria or Jonathan is not exceptional , but because of hate most people began to speak from back of their mouth . I had frown from Paris to Frankfort we stood still on air for extra an hour before we could land , just this week Hillary Clinton came here in Stockholm a certain road e4 that lead to the ai..

..he NDDC ; the organization was established by President Obasanjo in 1999 through a bill passed by the Nigerian National Assembly . Why would you say NDDC was set up and what was the vision driving its formation ?  NDDC became important and necessary because of a vacuum . There was an absence of the Federal Government in this region and past experiments to revive the area had failed . The president can be called one of ours in this region because during the civil war , he fought in this region . He knows t..

.. said all I did , I did in the interest of this constituency and I stood right in front of them in an open place and said look , all I did , if I had not done it in the interest of my constituency , if I had any thought of making quick money here or because of what I wanted to gain or what I wanted to make or I did anything deliberately to destroy the government of the day , then that God should use the election then to judge me and to God be the glory today , I am back here , so I believe in whatever I d..

.. s top court , in Cairo , Egypt , Sunday , Dec. 2 , 2012 . Egypt ? s top court announced on Sunday the suspension of its work indefinitely to protest ? psychological and physical pressures , ? saying its judges could not enter its Nile-side building because of the Islamist president ? s supporters gathered outside . Arabic on the poster , right , reads , " The people want to purify the states 's institutions . " ( AP Photo/Nasser Nasser )  A Supporter of Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi flashes the Victo..

..ed by the country in the area of electricity supply .  He said the major challenge was the transmission of the generated power .  Jonathan said the nation 's power plants currently had about 1,000 megawatts of electricity that could not be evacuated because of problems related to transmission .  He said , ' We have intervened robustly in the power sector , and if you call back home , they will tell you that power is improving , and we have promised that we will stabilise power supply .  ' Currently , we a..

..ssertion that Jesus is the son of God . Jesus however carries all the living laws of God and he knew that satan was trying to tempt him and undermine his work of slavation . Jesus rejected the temptation . Actually , Lucifer got the name anti-christ because of his desparate mission to thwart the work of redemption brought by Christ . The unclean sprits stuff will require a more detailed explanation on possession and how possed people can be cured . Let me for the moment leave it out of my expalanations . ..

..g their funds to build refinery in Nigeria without incentives and right and strong policy to have good return on their investment .  We have given over 16 licences to people to build refinery in Nigeria for over 3 -4 years , but did we see any , why because of the subsidy regime . because it is more profitable to import than to refine because government must pay them .  but if you liberalized the oil sector new player with genuine intentions will come in with funds and mandate to build refineries and comp..

..erry 's story has appeared to have changed several times , reminiscent of Suarez . This undermines his credibility . If found guilty he will not be sacked . The FA will ban him for 3 matches as it was a one off offence . Suarez only got a longer ban because of the multiple times he called Evra the N ( albeit Spanish N ) word .  Since he s a chelsea leader i do nt care wat he sed Bcause all chelsea fans should be behind his back.So wat if he was racist 4 30seconds.He might have dun rong sumtin rong but do ..

..means different things to different people . I must be honest with you , I am just waking up to Igbo hatred . I never imagined it before . But now that I have seen it and it is clearly manifest in their elite , why is Nigeria still a country . Is it because of the stubbornness of people like Obasanjo . The wily , clever machinations of the Babangidas ? Why is Nigeria still governed like one political entity when there is so much dross being dregged up by so-called elders . This is the seed of present and ..

..uja on 16th July , 2012 , on the spill before the House of Representatives Committee on Environment , the National Oil Spill Detection and Remediation Agency ( NOSDRA ) had indicated that they would recommend " an administrative fine " to Government because of the incident .  About Our Website  Main Areas  Tools  Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemicals companies . With around 93,000 employees in more than 90 countries and territories , Shell helps to meet the world 's demand    Shell at a gla..

..g time I had written on my blog and so I decided to react to a facebook message a friend sent m , which goes thus :  " Can you write an article about hypocrites in the church ? A friend told me she so trusted a guy because he is active in church and because of that she gave herself to him . He dumped her after a few days .... write so that ladies should be more careful ! " Yes I was going to do this . I took my seat and started punching the keyboard after doing a little research to make sure the passages ..

..large sums of money by the Commissioner who persuaded the duo to ensure that the vote of no confidence that was earlier scheduled to be passed on him were scuttled .  The Union of journalists is proposing a vote of no confidence on Mr Aniekan Umanah because of what the pen professionals call his " numerous atrocities " of defrauding the local media of their advert fees-collecting hundreds of thousands from government and paying only fifty thousand naira to them on full page advertorial . Mr Umana 's other..

..- ahead of ' tax rates ' , ' inefficient Government bureaucracy ' and even ' tax regulations ' .  No wonder one authoritative scholarly study estimates that the overall cost to Jamaica 's GDP per capita , that is , the loss each Jamaican experiences because of inadequate control of corruption , is about US$550 per annum .  ( See A. Dreher and T. Herzfeld -- The economic costs of corruption : a survey and new evidence , June 2005 )  What have been some of the contribution factors to this endemic corruption..

.. women that do n't use Hijab . Your personality and ability will speak for you , there are outstanding women who use Hijab , just as there are average women who use it . Are you thinking that a " refined " gentleman may not consider you for marriage because of Hijab ? That should n't hold sway in your mind , for Hijab is meant to serve Allah , every other thing is secondary .  Do n't worry , your " Knight-in-shinning -armour " will not miss you Insha Allah .  One may stumble when he begins to learn , afte..

..ancellation of    Is It Going To Cost The Bombing of the Mosques Before We wake Up ? Bishop Kukah  The Catholic bishop of Sokoto Diocese , His Lordship Matthew Hassan Kukah , has said that Nigeria is at a very difficult stage and running out of time because of the current security happenings in the nation .  Speaking in Abuja at the National Summit on the Freedom of Information Act , with the theme " Ensuring the Effective Implementation of the Freedom of Information Act " , which started in Abuja yesterd..

..n't composed Bert still ca n't replace Cole , no duet can replace Terry . Sturridge only played twice in starting . makes another headache for RDM because his rotation policy not working yet . Marin nose never touch EPL even once . Luiz frustrate us because of his clumsy cause us conceded many goals . That 's why , when we played Liverpool , I think this style that we should adapt , so there is no one to harm , use Luiz as sweeper , Bertrand in wing side like Enrique did , so they can give us more attack ..

..him to know that ... me too I can do th/bis. ( funny ) . Now Im married , I cook , clean , etc . So in summary , no two relationships flow in the same way . It depends on both parties .  My dear your hubby(boyfriend) did n't just decide to marry you because of cooking . But do you know that just that singular act would have had a big effect on him . You were making a statement , I CARE ENOUGH TO LET YOU KNOW THAT I CAN ALSO COOK . As simple as it sounds , it can go a long way to tell a guy how much you ca..

..d for all his atrocities . But it should not happen at ICC sitting at The Hague or any Western Court that was specially set up for Africans . It should be in Zimbabwe , by Zimababweans and for Zimababweans .  Mugabe seems to be having the last laugh because of the greed and hypocrisy in the West . And that he might eventually get away with all his crimes just because he continues to play smart is the most annoying aspect . Robert Mugabe is a bad model in Africa who appears to be pushing his luck dangerous..

..hout fault . That was why I broke my silence and sent my first submission on the Ghanaian leadership -- albeit ex-President Jerry Rawlings -- debate . Of course , I dismissed the comic Kutu Acheampong years with all histo-political seriousness , not because of what his moribund and comical leadership ( or regime ) did to some of us as Journalists ( just as Dr. Onyeani brilliantly summed up of the sad and pathetic plight of African Journalists ; as a long-standing active member of International P.E.N . wri..

.. people needed to shout very well before I could hear anything when I was growing up . The only hospital that we had then was in Ijebu-Ode , about 65 miles to Ikenne , my town . My mother would carry me in the lorry and people avoided us like plague because of the smelly substances from my ear . At times , she would take one of my father 's caps to cover my entire head ; still , the smelly substance would run out . Then , she would remove her head-tie to keep away flies . Anywhere we sat in the vehicle , ..

..his brother , Chief Meni Jonathan who died last week at the National Hospital , Abuja .  " These are the people who market this country positively in African countries and even outside Africa and even in the Carribean , where they appreciate Nigeria because of Nollywood . "  " For now we do n't have any other group that is as important as Nollywood because you have been able to bring some reputation , some hope to this country . It shows clearly that if we want to do something we can do it very well . You..

..te looms . It comes for all . If we must go , then at least , When we fall ...  When we 're all ashes ... If I am slain , let them forever remember the name Some other should gain .  When we 're all ashes ... Because of my pain . Because of my tears because of my scars Some other should gain .  When we 're all ashes ... The reason I 'm gone . Let it be told , let it be known , and turned into song  When we 're all ashes ... If I die alone . Let it be more than dying alone , the reason I 'm gone . The reas..

..a month , they have accumulated 3000 , poor men . Generally these gatemen live in places where even the shortest of men have to bow down before they can enter . And whenever there is rain , there would be problem . Their cases are normally difficult because of the enormity of the curses they accumulated over the years . That is separate from what their wives and other people issue on them at home .  A difficult case is one that has been circulated in four worlds . What are the four worlds ?  1 . The secon..

..mong Nigerians and expatriates . I had friends from Hong Kong , Malaysia , and Britain . I had friends who were French , Spanish and Arab . They were my mates and we had a decent relationship . But I never thought of marrying anybody outside Nigeria because of my family name . What if she came and my people rejected her ? Would I then have a divorce ? I did not want to think of that .  What is your take on allegations of corruption against judges in Nigeria ?  Nigerians have always accused judges of corru..

..heir earning . Some of them work as waitresses in eateries and hotels in the afternoon but at night they transform to sex providers .  Saturday Sun checks revealed that most of the hookers are from the South-South states . They find Benin attractive because of vibrant nightlife occasioned by the dwindling rate of crime in the city in recent time . Again , some of them are girls deported from Italy and elsewhere , where they had gone to seek greener pastures .  Although Time Out is regarded as the hottest ..

..he different occasions I atend . Again , whatever I wear must be decent    MY WIFE EARNS MORE THAN ME ! ! ! 5 WAYS OF COPING WITH IT  Does your wife earn more than you ? Do you feel like you need to get another job ? Do you get home early before her because of the calibre of her office ? Did she buy her car herself and paid for the children 's school fees ? Do you sometimes wish you could just have her resign her work and just stay home taking care of the kids ? Not to worry , you are not alone in these t..

.. you around . I placed a bet with the system of $60 for the English FA cup final and i doubled my stake to a cool $120 .  David Clarke - UK  " I 'm very grateful to you for bringing such miraculous changes to my life . I 'm almost 59 years old , and because of your " Bet365wizard " program I have been able to consistently triple my stake I have been betting on football for 30 years . I have only used this program for 8 weeks , but already I can confidently place my bets knowing i will make a profit , when..

..s they are competitive . In other words , it should be as easy for inefficient suppliers to restructure their processes , up to and including firing staff ( or , failing which , they quit the market ) , as it should be for more efficient suppliers ( because of new and better processes ) to enter into the market . Of course , the latter will bring in new staff ( maybe not in the old numbers ) ; and , again , society is the wealthier as a result .  Anyone who has followed , however cursorily , the shenaniga..

..en grounds and relatives failing to travelfor burials * Several bridges and roads have been washed away andmany are threatening to collapse . For example , the border post atBeit Bridge which links South Africa and Zimbabwe had to be closed onFriday because of the swelling waters of the Limpopo River and thecollapsed bridge two kilometres before the border post on the SouthAfrican side . * The main road linking Thohoyandou to N1 via Dzananihas been closed by mudslides * About a thousand houses and huts ha..

.. words yesterday " every problem you have would resolve and dissolve " .  When you think back at your marriage , is there anything you wish you had done differently ? No , not at all . Some people have said maybe it 's because I was too busy , maybe because of my work . But I tell them , this is my work . I love my work passionately and I love my daughter and my family . Those were the most important things to me . But if one part does n't work , the rest must work .  Are your wounds healed now ? Have you..

..y hands off our mothers !  With all the racial segregation that was there care to tell us where the mixed race populations came from ? It was all black women being abused by you white folk , ( Apologies for digressing ) ,  Zimbabwe did not stabilize because of the Unity government it stabilized because the then ZANU PF government ( yes you hear me right ) introduced the multi-currenciesas you mention but a flippin good 3 months before those sell-outs in the MDC joined the government .  Very TRUE the WEST ..

.. intake in people in over 60 countries . There are more than 1,000 varieties of bread on the market . Today , wheat is grown on more acres in the United States than any other grain . In 2007 Lebanon will import exclusively from Russia and Kazakhstan because of their close geographic location giving them a big freight advantage .  The following table    Platinum Outstanding among our ranges is the new and improved " Platinum Series " . All the efforts were put into labor in the aim of designing a product t..

.. hands off our mothers !  With all the racial segregation that was there care to tell us where the mixed race populations came from ? It was all black women being abused byb you white folk , ( Apologies for digressing ) ,  Zimbabwe did not stabilize because of the Unity government it stabilized because the then ZANU PF government ( yes you hear me right ) introduced the multi-currenciesas you mention but a flippin good 3 months before those sell-outs in the MDC joined the government . With one simple fell..

..ile Communications in General , amongst other numerous functions , make this an essential Regulatory issue in a deregulated telecommunication environment . More entrants into the communications field today are taking advantage of Radio Based Systems because of the relative ease of installation and redeployment where/when necessary and also for cost effectiveness .  It was here in the continent of Africa ( Nairobi-Kenya to be precise ) in 1982 , that the International Telecommunication Union decided to set..

..ion . It was only with the advent of Internet and online technology , that today , investors can open an account as well as trade successfully , with only a few thousand dollars .  Brokers are a significant part of this trading industry . It is only because of these Forex Brokers , that this Foreign Exchange market is a nonstop cash market , with a continuous buying and selling of currencies of different nations . Forex market conditions are highly unpredictable in nature and change every second , with fl..

..g to create a non-academic environment -- and DRUMROLL .... it CAN BE DONE and SHOULD BE DONE ) , encourage microeconomies ( Nigeria has the consumer base ; figure out what types of economies abroad including that Dubai of a place are surviving only because of Nigerians , and make a concerted effort to bring those types of businesses and jobs home ) , provide SUPERVISED incentives to honest and well-meaning Nigerians ( Not the uber rich and women who can get anywhere with their downlow ) to set up small s..

..le contains general information about medical conditions and treatments . The information is not advice , and should not be treated as such . You should never delay seeking medical advice , disregard medical advice , or discontinue medical treatment because of information    The recent developments in the Nigeria polity makes one wonder if we are progressing or retrogressing and if we are living under a military regime or in a democratic dispensation . Military regimes are known for ...  Waiting for your ..

..k . He said the same principle held in the Omatseye piece because the columnist was known to hold strong views which he expresses every Monday .  He said : " It is common knowledge that Tribune , almost every day , demonises my person . But should I because of that , claim that Mama , as Chairman of the newspaper , was behind the demonization ? Of course , I feel disheartened by it all ; but I have never felt Mama was responsible for stories Tribune published " .  Tinubu reiterated his respect and affecti..

..ion exhibit different aspects of His nature and also for us to complement each other , what you lack , I have and what I lack , you have . This is especially so true in our ( Ola and I ) marriage , I discovered that when we focused on tiny details ( because of pride ) we never saw how we complemented each other . I realized that women are indeed the weaker of the two humans , however not intellectually as many culture interpret it but physically , men have 20% more red cells and this literarily translate ..

..high bp and a child who has developmental delays coupled with huge medical bills.I am not talking about someone who is young and hot headed , this is a woman that is peaceful and everyone loves her.She 's normally the loved sister , aunty , daughter because of her behavior.I will not reveal more because i used to direct her to nairaland to get advise too from people from like situations . Outsiders would never believe that this man could do such a thing because he presents a very convincing facade and eve..

..I would rather give laptop testing a try . At least , this    What You Need To Know About The Eee Notebook  The Asus Eee PC 1215N Notebook is one of your many choices if you 're looking for a new notebook computer . Sometimes , people buy a computer because of the low price , and then find out it does n't meet all of their needs , so do n't let that happen to you . After reading this review , you should know why you should buy the Eee PC 1215N , and also you should know why you should n't buy it .  People..

..a March 13 , 2010 at 9:18 pm -  Good game and good result in the end , but in the first half I seriously doubt we would make it . Our main concern was not West Ham , but our own game . It looked like some of the guys got kind of psychic bloc , maybe because of the necessity to win every single match over and over again . Until The Captain made his impressive run and caused havoc in WHU defense , I was not at all convinced .  The best player was undoubtedly Malouda , as he terrorised the WHU defense on the..

.. not a politician or religion fanatic but a political animal of Chief Awolowo follower therefore Mr. Aregbesola should be careful when it comes to religion . Instead of trying to be creative we are fighting ourselves physicaly and on pages of papers because of religion . May God help you .  To the Writer , Punch Editorial Team and Commentators against Ogbeni , all you need to understand is that your argument in its entirety devoid of basis , theories and principles of " good governance " most especially t..

..N system in his southwest corner of Nigeria is turning out to be just as deleterious -- if not more deleterious -- than the PDP system we collectively hate and vilify . His campaign is social media-based but sometimes he also hits the trenches . And because of that , Governor Fayemi and his goons have placed a knife on the rope of democratic ethos in Ekiti state . They have arrested Mr. Olayinka and are preparing a kangaroo sedition trial .  This is sad . This is why I condemned Governor Fayemi and his bo..

..ntre , while the less flexible remained in rural areas where they generally declined to the level of agents of their more successful brethren . Political power had always been concentrated in the city while the economy in the countryside . However , because of the new forces improved communications , re-arrangement of political authorities and others , the great merchants moved to the city to form a commercial new born elite . In perspective , we can suggest that nature in the form of geographical locatio..

..rescue me from the mob . I would have been lynched . They thought that I deliberately dipped her hands into boiling water . I did n't do that at all . I have always been taking care of Esther as if I were her mother . Even people call me Mama Esther because of the way I treat her . I    Superstar sprinter Oscar Pistorius wants the London Paralympics to leave a legacy of regular integration for Paralympic sport in able-bodied events .  The 25-year-old South African is making history this summer as the firs..

.. reported that two hundred people were killed by Nigerian troops in the village of Lebambo in Taraba State . The soldiers had retaliated against the ethnic Kutebs after they had been attacked . Taraba State has been the seen of many ethnic clashes , because of dispute about grazing and land .  Five kidnapped oil workers were freed on 12 August .  On 14 August Ogoni leaders met with representatives of Royal Dutch Shell to discuss their differences , and to attempt to agree a formula for Shell to return to ..

..ed but he used is strength to pull out of those tight situations . False 9 deceives the defenders and enables the striker to sneak through . It favours players without the natural physics of a striker to play as a striker but also avoid such marking because of the lack of strength . Because of the movement , a dedicated mark man would fail especially if he is a defender . In other words , Drogba pulled defenders to himself more than Torres is doing now . Torres has to deceive the defenders/ his markers   ..

.. by the Medical Centre and its Chief Medical Director , based on my HIV-positive status .  So , the shocker like I mentioned , happened in 2001 . Right there in the court , the then presiding judge in the case , barred me from entering the courtroom because of my HIV -positive status .  The judge further ruled that satisfactory expert evidence must be presented in court to convince her that the judge and others would not become infected with the HIV virus as a result of my mere physical presence in the co..

..ollection of poetry is another reminder that together , we can do great things . " -Ronald V. Dellums , Mayor , City of Oakland  " As I read the words our ( Oakland Unified School ) children put on paper , I began to cry . My tears were joyful tears because of all the passion written in their words . " -Karen B. Todd , Director of Project SOAR II  " This is a wonderful collection of the courageous voices of our youth , sharing the complexity of their lives , the world as they know it , their fears , dream..

..redemption ' ( Calvin 1960:Inst . II , xvi , 8 ) . The reason for this role , however , is not Calvin 's metaphorical interpretation of the clause . Instead , the author tries to argue that a scientifi c theological approach will maintain the clause because of its transcendence of fi nitude and the proclamation of Christ 's victory . The whole of creation is delivered from sin . Proper hermeneutics will take the original socio -- historical environment into account and make one suspicious about certain ec..

..he update is complete . We are glad to answer any questions of yours . In case you have n't received the reply due to some technical reasons , please resend it and you will be given the reply within 24 hours . Sorry for all the inconveniences caused because of this technical issue . May-30-2012 09:53:42 AM  DDOS Attacked ! We have been heavy ddos attacked 1 day before . Our technical staff tried their best to make everything ok , and our website is back to normal as before . All clients can login your acc..

..pect in this day The earth to find their own a daughter-in-law .  Even if doubly Tao betrothal gifts of money , Christian Louboutin 1EN8 Peep Toe Pumps Gilt also wo n't someone marry her daughter to a loss of him more sad is that he is worried about because of his it will affect the future of peace less common bluebeard in the future . After he has Is a farmer , he are not afraid of anything , do n't even the old Joe also hold no ? But less gentle common bluebeard and he is not the same , and then if ther..

..give themselves to the Law of the Lord . " Did you see that ? When the Pastors are comfortable , they can better handle issues concerning you . Like it happened in the days of Hezekiah , I am trusting God that the Pastors will have a great abundance because of your giving . Look at the testimony of the priests and Levites in 2 Chronicles 31:8-10 ( KJV ) " And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps , they blessed the LORD , and his people Israel . Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and..

..e does . Many people will choose a career because it is what is expected of them . Many people will go into a certain career field because it is something that they wanted to do since they were little kids . Many people will choose a specific career because of the money making potential . All of the aforementioned reasons are some of the potential factors that determine which job people will seek out when it comes time to choose a real life long career . Becoming a teacher is a fairly prevalent career cho..

..e are like husband and wife . We are very close and I think the upbringing we had caused this . My parents would never tolerate any fight between us , my maternal grandmother would never take all these children 's fight over sweet or ice-cream , and because of all my father 's other wives and Kalakuta we were all forced to be close , from my mother 's side we were very close . When we lost our younger sister , Sola , it was so terrible . Even now , my sister and I used to cry for no reasons when we think ..

.. developing for Android , iOS and Blackberry only are limiting themselves to a very small part of the market because feature phones still make up a large portion of the market . He also encouraged the developers in the audience to develop for Eskimi because of the potential market of 5 Million Nigerians using the service .  Prowork : First up was Prowork and the app was presented by Francis Onwumere . Prowork is an online platform for project management which allows you to easily create and share projects..

..is a question mark . Joe Warren is Bellator 's featherweight champ , and winning the featherweight tournament means that Curran should have a shot at him . However , Patricio Freire won the last FW tourney , but has n't been able to fight Warren yet because of an injury . Also , Warren is entered into Bellator 's bantamweight tournament , so Curran will have to wait and see . In the meantime , he has no problem taking time off as he has already fought four times in 2011 . " I 'm looking forward to a littl..

..o weeks I took extra clothes , because I was booked in a 5 star hotel , where laundry and pressing is a bit expensive.What I needed is just my travelling Iron that was it ! it saved a day !  Good tips , very coincise and helpful . I lost some amount because of my ignorant . I travelled with Naira to one East African country . Please make sure you travel with dollar or Dollar credit card . Keep the flag flying the future is here .  Bro . I must confess this is a very good piece of advice most especially fo..

..n of the state administration . Politics is not to be mixed with education and religion . Dr Chan Heng Chee refers to such a contrivance as an " administrative state " . Such states are distinguished by the increased power of the bureaucratic sector because of the government in many non-traditional activities . The government has been described as " paternalistic " ? the needs of the people are provided for but they were given no responsibility and their freedom is limited by well ? meant regulations .  T..

..l these things to their teachers . But it can affect them ; they will look somehow tired and dull , and it is because their bodies have not been sufficiently exercised . "  The psychologist said the situation of many children was complicated largely because of the lifestyle of their parents who keep them busy with after-school home coaching when they should be engaged in profitable extra-curricular activities . " All of these prevent children from expressing themselves physically , confining them to just ..

..loud calls of " Madam ... madam " from the bike man before she realized this . This is all his fault she thought to herself as she paid the okada man and began walking towards the building .  Ha , see my life . Me , Ibiyemi . I have become like this because of one stupid boy . Ha ! And that idiot that I 'm looking after in the hospital too was raising his voice at me telling me I came late . God will judge all these men . As for this Eddy and his sister Laide , today na today . It 's either by fire or by ..

.. they have . Despite being a good ol ' fashioned type of girl-who would go to the mountains to seek parental approval before agreeing to be with a guy , I kinda felt this was pushing it a bit . Why should a person be deprived of marital bliss simply because of his pedigree , I wondered .  I am now older and with age comes its twin , wisdom ( hopefully ) . I ' m actually beginning to agree with the whole idea of family being a major issue . Ok , as you probably know , I am an only girl so I have heard my f..

..t sure if she is right and what i should do .  Have you known him long enough to trust him ? If you then only you know the answer to that . I know my boyfriend has emphatically stated that we can not live in the states after we are married . This is because of his business . He has said he 'd like us to live in Nigeria , but there are other options . Just bring up to him the conversation of where he would like the two of you to settle . I think him wanting to get married in Nigeria shows that he wants you..

..th skin ) , because this kind of processing results in higher yields and nutrional advantages compared to fillet processing . Unfortunately , nowadays , in the German fishery and fish trade this traditional form of supply is only of minor importance because of the predominance of fillets and fillet products . However , cooperation between fishing industry and fish trade and a good advertising of processed fish portions with skin could overcome this problem . In the pelagic fishery of herring , mackerel an..

.. company maintains . This issue can also be looked at in terms of an employee 's role . There are three factors associated with roles : role ambiguity , role conflict and role overload ( Noe et al. , Ch.10 ) . Role ambiguity is kept low by Microsoft because of the consistency in the culture and in what is required , role conflict is also kept low . Role overload is kept high , with employees pushed to their limits . In most organizations this would be a concern , but Microsoft 's awareness of this means t..

..igations Department , CID , Asaba ; and we are carrying out discreet investigations on the matter . If they are found culpable , they will definitely be dealt with " .  The embattled judge , Azinge , has shunned sitting for nearly two months running because of the serious threat to her life by the kidnap syndicate , which vowed that they would get her by all means , as well as the discovery that the police orderly , officially deployed to protect her , was a member of the syndicate . Sunday Vanguard gathe..

..ill play as the playmakers in the team . Oscar plays as a playmaker also , but would he really slot into that midfield ahead of Mata and Hazard ? Do n't think so . Piazon may have played as a winger for the reserves , BUT Chelsea actually signed him because of the performances he put on in the Under 17 World Cup where he played as a playmaker , or just behind the striker , impressing there . Why I mentioned Kaka was that he is compared to Piazon , and Kaka is not a winger ( last time I checked ) , but as ..

.. the government will retaliate back . So , if Awolowo acted out , it might not be based on hatred for Igbos , he just did what he needed to do . Mr Ojukwu , knew full well the war will not result in anything except loss and death . But , he insisted because of his pride and ego . If he and Igbos want to be realistic and use their common sense , not speak out of emotions will see that they caused it themselves . As usual , everybody likes to tell their story and play the " victim card " , which is what is ..

..ot between the North and South .  According to him , the late President Umaru Yar'Adua , Senate President David Mark and Justice Idris Kutigi , all from the North , were accepted as heads of the executive , legislature and the judiciary respectively because of the zoning arrangement on the basis of the six geopolitical zones in the country .  He said that it was a fact that there were sectional interests in the country which should be balanced in such a way that every section of the country would not feel..

.. elite group , and I do n't like doing music that the elite can not relate with . Bubble met that expectation with fast beats the youths can align with . I 've always looked forward to cross over music rendered purely in Yoruba and Islamic languages because of the background of fuji . Bubble was released 50 per cent English and Yoruba so that both Yoruba and non-Yoruba listeners can relate with it . And when it came out , it turned a hit .  Who do you owe your discovery in music ?  I owe it to God . I hav..

..re busy watching premiership and champions league . Senators will continue to make obnoxious laws cause the youths refuse to speak out . I am a youth , but when i see my fellow youths crying , fighting , stabbing each other , even committing suicide because of football , i said to myself . Will the feature continue to remain pregnant ?  Football is a " demon " meant to steal the minds of the youths from self development . Politicians will continue to steal cause the youths who are suppose to speak out are..

..invention of AIDS . Scriptures that speaks about sexually immortalities 1 Corinthians 6 vs. 12-20 , Eph 5 vs. 3 .  After doing this , he blinded the church members who are living inside both worlds to believe that HIV/AIDS is a consequences from God because of sins the individual committed . But if these church followers were indeed followers of Jesus then they will know that the Father and Son are compassionate and loving . Genesis 3 vs. 21 , John 17 and 1 Corinthians 13 vs. 4-7 .  Advice to the Sheep of..

..t Hughton says he certainly does have a future at Carrow Road .  " It has been a little bit difficult , " Hughton told The Pink'un in the wake of the weekend 's 0-0 draw with West Ham United .  " Even towards the end I did want to bring Wes on , but because of the way West Ham play and they 're a strong , physical side , you 're mindful that you do n't want to get done from the set-plays .  " I was tempted to bring Wes on because I know he can produce that little bit of magic , that little bit of gold , b..

..s to vent out anger and frustrations . Insults ! ! ! I think people are yearning for good governance and fight against corruption . Not too much to ask .  Well , my only advice is that if in the future there is an emergency &; the airspace is closed because of this so called VIP movements , the distressed plane should be allowed to land . If we take a cue from what happens on land where the roads are blocked for hours because a VIP is around not giving a damn whether an ambulance or fire engine is on an e..

..ing Prophet Muhammed .  This is the same Libya that the whole world , including America supported to bring down their Osama Gadaffi sometime ago . I want to believe that the many Muslims in Egypt , Yemen , Libya , etc. , who have shed innocent blood because of an American film have not even seen the film itself and yet they are angry about what they have n't seen / verified personally to be true . Sometime back , it was a cartoon that caused problems .  Al-Qaida 's branch in Yemen praised the killing of t..

.. understand is that the Church was the nerve centre of state , civic and economic development up to the time when development had gone far enough for people to start questioning the existence of God . Man appeared to have gained his freedom from God because of his mastery of the universe , theory of economics , technological inventios etc . But all these brought along with them much immorality that cry for curbing which only the Church was best positioned to do . Having tasted the so-called freedom howeve..

..ubakar in 1998 and the foating of the transition to civil rule programme , Omisore and his followers teamed up with the Alliance for Democracy ( AD ) . Although , he had his eyes on the apple pie , he was persuaded to accept the deputy governor slot because of the insistence of the AD leaders to make all State Chairmen of Afenifere the governorship candidates of the party in the South West states . Because Omisore is a politician who is desirous of serving the people rather than self , he accepted to serv..

.. a dwarf . It was so funny , because I do n't even know that person . If you do n't like me , why click on my article    Halle Berry 's lawyers returned to court Tuesday to ask a Los Angeles judge to keep her child 's father away from their daughter because of a Thanksgiving Day fight with Berry 's fiance .  The father , model Gabriel Aubry , claimed in a court filing Monday that the fiance , Olivier Martinez , ambushed him when he was dropping the daughter , 4-year-old Nahla , at Berry 's Hollywood Hills..

..en complacent about , " said David Joy , chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial , which has about $570 billion in assets .  " I 'm going to predict it gets triggered , " said Joy , who sees the S &P; 500 falling to 1,350 by mid-13 , largely because of these events . The S &P; closed at 1441.59 on Tuesday , its worst day since June .  In common with previous polls , analysts earmarked Brazilian and Russian shares among the strongest performers from now .  Moscow 's RTS . IRTS could rise 15.8 perce..

..s that until today if you go down the street and you knock on a door , they would open the door before they ask you who you are . In other parts of the world , before they open the door , they would peep through the key hole to see who you are . But because of the accommodation and friendliness of the people , they would open the door before they ask what they could do for you . The Niger Delta people have , embedded in them , the spirit of freedom .  However , the many years of neglect made the people of..

..her early films , especially the masterpiece Devi ( " The Goddess " ) , where the downfall of womanhood and the dangers of idolatry and blind vanity are beautifully exemplified in the story of Doyamoyee , a young woman , whose life radically changes because of a grave mistake . Doyamoyee 's father-in-law ( a local zamindar ) has a dream , in which it is revealed that she is the incarnation of the goddess Kali . Reluctantly , she permits herself to be placed on a pedestal for display . But when she then pr..

..ing for all those who might have supported their kinsmen who were in power to commit genocide ...  Yea u are right . In addition , when Nzeribe mub up people money his his bank and liquidated the bank . Do u know how many pple that committed suicide because of that ? The Okija-made wealthy ppl who made one covenant or the other and their luxurious buses will either burn or have accident and many lives lost so their money can be boom again will also need to face judgement .  I wonder if the people making c..

..idor of plus or minus 200 basis points around the mid point .  We definitely need the economy to grow . But we all know that the economy is a capitalist economy that thrives on credit . We also know that the banking sector is afraid of giving credit because of the fear of the almighty CBN . One day , the hindrance to the flow of the blood of a capitalist economy will be removed . Then the economy will grow  +0  ... written by UMUNNA , November 21 , 2012  so now you know that all your economic theories has..

.. such matters ? Or maybe we need to actually pray and fast and do the required deliverance first before marrying into such homes ? ? ?  Some of us are actually the ones from families that would be frowned upon ... Should we now not marry good people because of the behavior/illnesses of our **39;1955;TOOLONG cousin which we absolutely condemn ? How exactly do you feel about this issue ?  Share this :  Hmm , while a person 's family influences the way they do relationships ( of course it will , that 's wher..

..authority , under the Commerce Clause , to direct the conduct of an individual today ( the farmer in Wickard , stopped fromgrowing excess wheat Raich , ordered to 21 Cite as : 567 U. S. ( 2012 ) Opinion of GINSBURG , J. cease cultivating marijuana ) because of a prophesied future transaction ( the eventual sale of that wheat ormarijuana in the interstate market ) . Congress ' actionsare even more rational in this case , where the future activity ( the consumption of medical care ) is certain tooccur , the..

.. inclusion given the relatively low level of penetration of financial services in the country . The NDIC boss said the rising trend in bank customers ' complaints is a source of worry to the regulators , stressing that such complaints arising mainly because of poor customer service , high bank tariffs , frauds and forgeries as well as bank distress could threaten confidence in the banking system . Ibrahim said banks are aware of whom their customers are but many of them do not appreciate the need to deter..

..our son explain the source of this funding ? Is this poverty alleviation ? Is this how to empower the youths ? Will this OYO live after you or die at your exit ? You must realize that whatever we do on earth , if we succeed in not given account here because of our deft in manipulation , we sure certainly must give account to God the Father . Abia -- God 's own State is in your hands and this is what you , your wife and son , are doing with it ? There are millions of able bodied men and women that are jobl..

..veloped countries , can you provide insight into this ?  Climate change is a major threat to sustainable growth and development in Africa , and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals . Africa is particularly vulnerable to climate change because of its over dependence on rain-fed agriculture , compounded by factors such as widespread poverty and weak capacity . The main longer-term impacts include : changing rainfall patterns affecting agriculture and reducing food security ; worsening water s..

..rmer military head of state Julius Maada Bio will defeat incumbent Ernest Bai Koroma , if the elections are free and fair .  John Benjamin , SLPP chairman , said Sierra Leoneans will choose the opposition over the ruling All Peoples Congress ( APC ) because of the country 's economic difficulties .  " We have done everything that we believe will enable us to win this election on the first round . Our flag bearer , I and the running mate , we have been all over the country campaigning from district to dist..

..5:24 pm -  Yes I agree Sherzod . Remember , he had to bulk up to fit Chelsea 's previous style . That made him slower and it was the wrong thing to do in general to change his own style . He can still dribble and place the ball beyond a defender but because of his excess weight now , his excelleration has decreased making it difficult for him to round his opponent . The one thing he 's still good at is beating offside traps . The only problem is Chelsea is n't playing to that strength of his . In the pres..

..sighted me and shouted at me . She said that anybody about entering the theatre for operation does not take tea . At this time , four out of five of us booked for cesarean operation that day have all gone in , I was the next to enter the theatre but because of the tea I took , the operation was cancelled . Immediately after the tea meal and the encounter with the nurses and the doctors , I slept off . In my sleep , I had a dream where angels surrounded my bed and at the background I was hearing a voice sa..

..aeli war against Lebanon in 2006 sought to partially accomplish .  The post-mortem facts of the 2006 Israeli aerial siege against Lebanon show that Syria was also an intended Israeli target . However , Israel was unable to attack Syria and hesitated because of its failures in Lebanon and Iranian threats to intervene militarily if Israel attacked Syria . Strategic planners within the US , Israel , the EU , and NATO have also formulated several contingency plans to partition Syria and Lebanon under several ..

..ng to visit me . Brethren , God confirmed the words of his servant and exactly 3 weeks , God opened the gate of blessings for me . Though people were telling me to take my brother to court , l refused because l can not take my blood brother to court because of money . Contracts that runs into millions started coming . The work is becoming too much in such that l do not have time for myself again . Last week again , l was called to come and have another contract of millions . I thank God for making me a Ch..

.. a paper entitled : Leadership and Governance in Nigeria : A Critique , Professor W.A. Fawole of the Obafemi Awolowo University , Ile-Ife , said after more than half a century of independence , the country has been far from progress and prosperity , because of toxic leadership style . He described this type of leadership style as one in which the leader deployed state apparatus to abuse the leader-follower relationship for self-benefit aid personal aggrandizement , leave the nation in worse condition than..

..adow of doubt , MI 2 is the most eagerly anticipated Nigerian album of 2010 and if Talk About It really did sell 50,000 copies in 30 minutes , expect MI 2 to surpass that achievement with change to spare .  I 'm a true loopy fan and not surprisingly because of m.i , but i think the most anticipated album for ' 10 will be unstoppable2 . Many nigerians stil do nt know who 's lying or has low memory : 2face or kells . But believe me , wit a true collabo with the queen of r'n'b- i mean blige , then everybody ..

..t there is no sign that Igbo leaders factor the Nigeria reality into their plans and ambitions . Igbos remain in a relationship where we are abused but fail to take steps to gain our freedom or assert our rights and liberty in a legal way and manner because of fear . Today it is clear that Nigeria is incapable of producing the leadership that can save her . Every sincere political analyst , student , organisations and government is aware that Nigeria is not viable in its present form , and that the only a..

