..sessions I was able to keep stored away : UB40 's handwritten playlist I swiped off the MAINSTREET stage , when I gave ALi Campball a note on the night of the aerial flourbombing of the Allblacks : " Lets have one for those in police custody tonight because of the Springbok Tour " . ( Ali Cambell read it out between songs on stage in such a broad accent not many people understood what he was saying ! ! ! ) But up on the wall I do have wall one of our classic framed original black and white Simon and Garfu..

..he eventual ' break point ' that produces this formal discontinuity . On the one hand , this could arise because a ' grammatical module ' comes into play downstream to provide a new way of handling combinations . On the other hand , this could occur because of the reworking of the combinatorial principles that is necessitated by the need to ' keep track ' of the increasing catalogue of explicitly-realisable elements in the emerging communication system . That is , ' grammar ' grows out of an increasing le..

..ns from Aucklanders , thinking again it was unnecessary and expensive , claiming that the North Shore would not grow or was too small . However , the future-looking commission identified that in the short term a crossing would have to be constructed because of future demand . Taking this , the Commission continued and laid down a blueprint of requirements for a project :  - The Bridge would be between Stokes Point at Northcote and Point Erin on the city side . - Would have a 41m clearance above sea level ..

.. Toxic to humans , fish and plants . Levels in the Waikato River from Wairakei to the sea exceed drinking water standards . Levels in water cress exceed food standards . The beds of some of the Waikato hydro lakes are identified as contaminated land because of high concentrations of arsenic in the sediment .  Reducing the effects  In the past , once geothermal fluid extracted for electricity generation had been through the power station , any excess heat and fluid was discarded . Now increasingly , other ..

..re agnostic about is already required by their materialist pseudo-religion . It is the only god their religion allows them to acknowledge . For them it is always " matter versus God " . For the Christian it is always " only matter and natural causes because of God " . Thus , the dichotomy of matter versus God has only and always been a straw man . When materialists talk of god they always are making reference to an idol -- to a god as they have conceived it to be , not to God as He has revealed Himself to..

..ire , the American players ' clothes were robbed during that day 's training session . Even though a French attendant had been posted , the team lost about $4,000 worth of cash and possessions . Cleaveland and his teammates were not very happy , and because of their treatment in the press , the American side was now being cursed and spat upon on in the streets of Paris . The American expatriate community in Paris was even staying well clear of them . The French press were now whipped up fierce anti-Americ..

..lso gave consideration to Grasmere St 's pin oaks , which many residents believed were " completely out of control " .  But while some residents wanted the trees cut by at least half their height or removed , others said they had moved to the street because of the trees .  Mr Steans said the pin oaks would not recover well from topping and if the footpath continued to be resurfaced as necessary , the only concern was leaf drop . He recommended no change for the trees and councillors agreed .  It was agree..

..and far . But of such swift movements and their momentous consequences , Petrol Company , from its OC downward , knew nothing .  Before the Division went to Syria our GOC was convinced that Eighth Army would ' get into a mess in the Western Desert ' because of its policy of splitting up divisions into brigade groups . Corps battles , the GOC held , not brigade-group battles , should be fought against the Germans . And now that the struggle for Egypt had begun , Freyberg considered that one really hearty b..

..  Useful drying technique for drying the copper ore  Copper is one of earliest metals that be found and used by human beings , it is aubergine , with the specific gravity of 8.89 , and melting point of 1083.4 ? . Copper and its alloy are widely used because of its good electric conductivity and heat conductivity , strong resistance to corrosion , easy processing , favorable tensile strength and fatigue resistance . It ranks only second to steel and aluminum in metal material consumption , and become the o..

..s .  Let me present you with an argument that Larry Auster makes that immigration is one of the most dangerous things a nation must deal with . In the below passage , Auster shows that great past civilizations suffered and collapsed in no small part because of immigration of alien peoples ( most often non-Europeans ) . I really want to hear from Objectivists how they would answer this .  Throughout history , nations have inadvertently lost their independence by asking other nations to help them meet some ..

..re the member draws her figure from . I think it is a figment of her imagination . The point --  Metiria Turei : From your own ministry .  Hon PETER DUNNE : The member says it is from my own ministry . In my original answer I made it very clear that because of the nature of the way in which these interactions occur it is impossible to identify the numbers involved . The member seems to deny that . But the point that I was making in my original supplementary answer -- and I will make it again -- is that th..

.. exhibits improvements as part of your entire body as well as your general condition turns to much better with the cure you must try out any achievable method to cope with    Post navigation  Why Tetracycline no Prescription is often safely utilized because of the patients ?  Most cures to fight critical diseases need prescriptions . What may be more really serious within the system of your affected person than a bacterial infection which may build and hit different physique components worsening the case ..

..cated and independent ... someone who has a college degree , a job and her own life .. Do any men still want a traditional housewife ? I 'm 22 years old ... I do n't have a college degree .. I was studying medicine but I dropped out after six months because of family problems .. I 'm not a stupid person . I got good marks and got into medical college on merit . I have anxiety and I 'm very shy ... I could n't handle the college because there were boys there . I went to a girls school all my life . Anyways..

..ither was present at Passchendaele . One is that the front line must be straight and the other is that you must be on firm terrain .  A critical part of the front as it approached Passchendaele was not a straight line . There was in the line a curve because of the enemy positions on the West Flanders Ridge . This curve had to be taken out before the advance on Passchendaele could take place . A group of engineers tunnelled under the German lines and laid twenty one high explosive mines and at 3.10 am on t..

..developed his skills as a writer . In 1933 , his first book , Down and Out in Paris and London , an account of his time living in poverty , was published . After several rejections , the left-wing publishing house Victor Gollancz picked up this book because of its " social importance " . This was the beginning of a fruitful relationship for Orwell that was to last 12 years . In 1936 , on assignment from Victor Gollancz , Orwell travelled through the industrial north to the small coal-mining town of Wigan ..

..might offend someone who is a sufferer . "  Fallacy of the excluded middle there . I 'm never suggested that no-one can ever joke about mental illness . I think this particular broadcast was ill-conceived and offensive , and its damage is compounded because of the credibility of a clinical psych degree that this man carries with him .  " But to be honest , there is a phrase that parents try teach their kids ( well mine did at least ) . It is a nice rhyming phrase that is easy to remember and it goes somet..

..devalue the club/league play . Why bother watching the club matches when half the time they 're played by 2nd and 3rd stringers ? ( This differs significantly from football , where the international players can also play most of the league matches , because of the lower impact/recovery time ) . Thank goodness for DVRs : I end up fast forwarding through most club matches to see if they get " interesting " ; sometimes ( like the Harlequins/Wasps match a couple of weeks ago ) they do , and I end up watching ..

..,000 people , only reported five deaths last year .  Federated Farmers spokesman David Rose says it 's fair to question farm safety . " We are up there in the statistics . " But he says it was unrealistic to aim to get the number of injuries to zero because of the nature of the industry , and the fact that accidents were , by definition , " unexpected , unintentional and unlucky " .  Farmers worked whatever the weather , often alone , with unpredictable animals , machinery and vehicles , battling fatigue ..

..ronger anti-wind remarks by Hayes which gave me just the excuse I needed to withdraw from the election with honour , claiming victory .  The timing was perfect . Obviously , I totally love the idea that the Coalition rewrote its entire energy policy because of me -- and if the Guardian and Greenpeace wish to credit me with such mighty powers , as they did yesterday , then great . But politics is a bit more complicated than that . George Osborne is known to be fiercely anti-wind ; Cameron , it is rumoured ..

..gh . Williamson gave a solid reply    Resolved Question  If there was no hip hop would it still be cool to act black ?  There was a time when being called black was an insult because it identified with starvation and poverty . Now it 's a compliment because of rap music . I 'm proud to be german japanese , i can claim things like technology and cars something blacks cant make . Parts of africa where blacks come from have nothing to be proud of . these black want to be 's still would n't understand it 's c..

..able distribution of resources . This requires a non-corrupt government . However , in Africa , programs designed to fight poverty are not fully implemented because the funds end up in the hands of corrupt individuals , who pocket the majority . And because of poor governance , those in authority have failed to apprehend the corrupt . This creates an imbalance in society and leads to more poverty because you end up with a few influential and powerful individuals oppressing the poor ( who are the majority ..

.. Eventually , as people realise that their words on screen are there forever they will treat online conversation as if it were face to face .  Its all vaguely reminiscent of Correspondence School where many thousands of Kiwi kids got their education because of isolation .. they occasionally traveled to Wellington to meet their teachers , teachers ( very ) occasionally visited the farms and Massey University hosted full national meetings of students each year .. now that sort of interaction can be sped up ..

..is n't gay marriage the doozie issue to illustrate that assertion ! ) and then compete politically on style alone . And for the moment that is happening both within the Labour Party , and between the government and the opposition benches  ABC worked because of a common " enemy " . Now the focus is on who wants to be the politico fashionista first among non-equals . ABC includes the ideological majority , the disciplined and experienced . Cunliffe may not be leading the LP into    A hectic day culminating ..

..ite level . Instead of watching the ball from the injection to the flick or shooter , they simply choose to react to the corner as the play unfolds . However , I feel that short corners are an important time for goalkeepers to be focused on the ball because of the score rate of corners . Focusing on the ball at the injection right through to the drag flick or shot will help provide you with a good focus for making the eventual save , as well as helping you to track the ball to the shooter ( if there are m..

..l its competing goods on Amazon 's site , use Amazon 's rich metadata on its own site , and employ Amazon 's massive cloud computing power to run a competing service . Amazon has become the world 's most successful online retailer while ( or perhaps because of ) opening up almost every aspect of its business for competitors to use .  How a bookseller applies the lessons  In the world of bricks and mortar business , however , we often view competition quite differently . A recent example was the negative i..

..rail tunnel between Lyttelton and Christchurch would have been seen as an answer to the problem of getting bulky luggage and goods from the port to the city . But Christchurch did not even have a railway , and a tunnel would be extremely expensive , because of the need to drill through volcanic rock .  However , with the growth in wool exports in the 1850s , and the increased money this gave the city , the Provincial Council decided to go ahead with the rail tunnel . Superintendent William Moorhouse , who..

..o be dealing with a seriously specialised , competent , and reputable expert , with NDT ( crack-testing ) carried out afterwards . If it 's the latter however , welding to a hub or stub axle is an absolutely no-way , no-can-do , forget-it scenario , because of the problems associated with welding a forging or a casting .  Brake upgrade with power increase . Is there a point where brakes must be upgraded , or does it just come down to them being tested when I go the cert ? No , there is n't a cut-off point..

..nd school financing . It confirms the position that was identified in the 2003 PPTA conference paper , that schools are becoming more unequal and increasingly reliant on locally-raised funds . Since then , the paper finds , the position has worsened because of the general economic climate , the government 's inclination to rob public schools to fund privatisation , rising costs , particularly in respect of ICT , pressure to employ more support staff and teachers from the operations grant , competition bet..

..talk to the Police . Remember do n't rely solely on what other international students may tell you because they may not always understand the full story and give you wrong advice .  In an emergency  If you need immediate medical help ( for example , because of an accident ) , need to talk to the Police or to report a fire , phone 111 . The call is free . A person will ask you which service you need ( Fire , Police , or Ambulance ) . Be ready to tell them what has happened and where you are . If someone is..

..Sky City One , the application of this technological feat , even if executed successfully , is ultimately a loss .  Whether you build it in three months , or not , you still lose .  BI : Broad Sustainable Building says the short timeline is possible because of its " modular " technology -- most of the building will come prefabricated and be assembled on site . What do you think of the concept , and what are the drawbacks and dangers to " modular " construction ?  CS : The process of making buildings as a ..

..worthiness , which is reflected in public trust and confidence in government agencies and those who work for them .  The international experience seems to be that countries with a trustworthy state sector , rated highly by Transparency International because of the openness of their administration and their low levels of corruption , stimulate the growth of strong communities . They score highly on measures ranging from good and sustainable governance to peace and happiness . They promote equality and fair..

..ents to New Zealand 's border services .  Judy Nicholl , Auckland Airport General Manager Aeronautical Operations , said , " This announcement is a very welcome development that will make inbound tourism and trade easier . We know that New Zealand , because of its remote location , has a competitive tourism disadvantage to many other countries , and has to work harder to keep up .  " We also know that the ease and quality of the visitor experience at the border can play a significant role in travellers ov..

..y . Attacking a woman for daring to publish a study exploring the idea that not everyone experiences PMS veers a little too close to that kind of misogyny for my liking . I know too many people who do n't get PMS and are constantly being invalidated because of it to be comfortable with that line of conversation . Some people seem to be really invested in the idea that part of being a woman is suffering , and that 's understandable in some ways , but it does    Post navigation  Open Letter to Su'a William ..

..nd out by one of them that it mea n't stuck up B**ch , I asked how they managed to come up with the acronym and they said its because you were always frowning - nothing to do with me being stuck up at all , they just assumed that that was what I was because of my b**ch face .  My mother constantly tells me to stop frowning or the wind will change ( I hate that line and I hate the book ! ) . I look in the mirror and I 'm not frowning I just have a b**ch face , I constantly tell her its not intentional its ..

..e is a somewhat greater headcount , but overall going from one developed country to another is n't a major culture shock . I just have a sturdier roof over my head .  In fact , in some ways , Germany is more of a foreign place than New Zealand to me because of the language barrier . Luckily , insanely cheap beer is one of the ways that Germany differs from New Zealand , and beer is a fabulous way to conquer any language barrier .  We 're living back in the house we left a year ago . This is in itself very..

.. 1 , 5 mil . of Hungarians and a sizeable number of Germans living in Transilvania .  Meanwhile Ferdinand 's son , King Carol II married to Helena , a Greek princess saw his country through to the outbreak of World War 2 . Already not overly popular because of dictatorial tendencies , his German blood and his openly keeping of a jewish mistress was ousted in 1940 , leaving the 19 year old King Michael behind . Romania in fact became a state loyal to Germany , being neatly manipulated by Hitler and Stalins..

.. really a socially accepted for of surplus reality that you are highlighting . And there are heaps of others such as ignoring farts !  Walter I enjoyed reading this and it deserves a considered response , more so than I 'm able to give at the moment because of my work load . You challenge the idea of solipsism , and while it can be said to be ' an extreme form of ' skepticism ' ( source ? ) , it does have a long and noble history in philosophic debate . The only true thing that we can ' know ' is the self..

..  School Orienteering - Taking it to the next level  addison  Posted : 6 October 2012 , 8:37 PM Interesting ideas floating around on other posts .  Without a doubt , a lot of the talent we are now seeing coming through all the way to elite ranks are because of the large efforts that have , and continue , in the school area . The reinstigation of the Southern Cross Challenge , School Sprint Series , Junior Camp , JWOC etc are all important features to this growth .  School orienteering is where we have see..

..ectives on the project of recovery from the earthquakes . You can listen to Dr. Krumdieck 's short presentation HERE and get the presentation slides HERE .  Transportation Cities develop around their internal transportation networks , and they exist because of trade with other cities . Today , 95% of personal transportation is done by private automobile . This was not the case 70 years ago , and it will not be the case 50 years from now . This is the biggest challenge in our long-term legacy plan for the ..

..ably necessary for the purposes of that work ; and  ( d ) he or she took all reasonable care to prevent the occurrence of any accident , mishap , collision , or damage , or any injury to or interference with any person , animal , or property arising because of the act or omission .  Part 2 Roads  Lanes  2.1 Keeping left  ( 1 ) A driver , when driving , must at all times drive as near as practicable to the left side of the roadway unless this rule otherwise provides .  ( 2 ) If a driver 's speed , when dri..

..fter the last post I was driving around Wellington getting a few snow shots , thankfully the heaviest snow was n't falling while I was out . I tried to drive up to the Brooklyn wind turbine but turned back about three quarters of the way up the road because of the ice . Heading to the coast I took some photos across the mouth of the Wellington harbour at the icing-sugar covered hills and walked onto the Seatoun wharf in a light snow flurry .  Snow over Pencarrow .  Winter at the beach in Seatoun .  The sn..

..so come out with a proposal to adjust the imputation credit regime to make it more attractive for Australian companies to dual-list in New Zealand , via a tax credit . There is also a third proposal doing the rounds .  All this activity is happening because of a coming review of the imputation credit regime being conducted by the Treasury . From a purely domestic standpoint there is nothing wrong with the imputation credit regime ; it is very efficient and ensures that New Zealand shareholders do not suff..

..ddle East is on FCm 's hit-list as a country of high potential for growth and investment . "  FCm 's Asia Network Regional Manager Shelby Koh said Bangladesh and Sri Lanka were both upcoming business hubs and rapidly growing corporate travel markets because of the strength of their manufacturing industries .  " Vietnam and Indonesia are also on the radar for being business travel hotspots , " Shelby said .  FCm is also investigating partner network opportunities in Myanmar , which Shelby highlighted as an..

..r .  Many people do n't realise that , prior to the extermination of Jews by Nazi Germany , in the so-called " final solution , " as many as 350,000 Germans were sterilized because their gene pool was deemed to be unsuitable to the Aryan race , many because of physical disability , mental deficiency or homosexuality .  In 1936 the Voluntary Euthanasia Society was founded in England . The next year the English Parliament ( the House of Lords ) rejected a proposal to legalise euthanasia . In opinion polls o..

..pt sun . He believes that the comet may be " pulled down " enough ( something about slowing makes its orbit lower ) to align more perfectly . Mars will be in morning sky and some observers with telescopes may see this interaction , but most will not because of daylight .  At about 30 minutes , voice becomes garbled and that is too bad , because sounds like it was important info .  If comet nucleus is small - 7-10 miles , then Mars gravity will change comet orbit significantly . If this is a large comet , ..

..as n't trying to read my map , drive , and take a few pictures at the same time , it would have been really easy . At least I was n't on the phone .  Pasadena ( where the conference was ) is beautiful . It backs up to a mountain which you ca n't see because of the smog ... I mean , Pacific mist . I got checked in and asked where I could get dinner . The guy recommended Quiznos , but I thought I 'd wander a bit for something a little more unique . I drove around for a bit , saw some fantastic looking resta..

..July , 1903 , just a few months before the Wrights ' first flight . Apparently the plane ' landed ' on top of one of the many 12ft. high , mainly uncut , box-thorn or gorse hedges surrounding the paddocks in the neighbourhood . He then left it there because of a heavy fall of snow . Meteorological records for that time show that snow fell on the 11'th of July 1903 , but that there was no snow during any of the years immediately before or after that date .  John Britten - Motorbike designer extraordinaire ..

..g in any form of discussion about the situation . It seems it is acceptable to talk about rebalancing the economy through the balancing of the Government 's fiscal accounts , as long as households are reducing their debt . But lately , as job losses because of the soaring currency make headlines , the time has also come when clearer talking is needed from Messrs Key and English .  With Mr English overseas at the Frankfurt Book Fair , among other appointments , it was left to Economic Development Minister ..

..e it through his birthday and Christmas ...  I understand needing to be careful about how you think about things so you can function . It 's good to know how to do that .  With your mother ... I guess I feel that there was some kind of thought there because of the mention of eating disorders . I ca n't be okay with her sending that to you but I also know that in the past negative talk about her has upset you . So , I wo n't keep going on about it .  I am really glad you gave Allison the posts ! The ED is ..

..es it needs to show not only that Labour is a party that has these policies but why it is the best party for implementing these policies .  We might want these policies , but do we trust Labour to deliver them ?  I 'm not voting for Labour precisely because of some of the things that you have voted for , during this term of opposition . You have bad judgement .  Clare seems to have forgotten that in 2008 , a Labour-led Government signed the Free Trade Agreement with China . Helen Clark knew as well as any..

.. by David W. Cummings , it was written , " ... Accurate , detailed accounting of every transaction was a basic requirement in every building project ; it reached its broadest scope in New Zealand , under the direction of Elder Stanford W. Bird . But because of an unusually persuasive personality he functioned in many fields . Says Mrs. Baigent : " He 's charmed just about everyone in New Zealand , from the Prime Ministers down , into getting the fairest deal possible for the college . He charmed hundreds ..

..only just missed out , managing to elevate its public support up from within the ' margin of error ' of the opinion polls , to 4.1 per cent . The party obtained the fourth highest party vote , and was only denied representation in the new Parliament because of the exclusionary and undemocratic five per cent MMP threshold . New Zealand First actually won a greater proportion of the party vote than both the Act Party and the Maori Party ( both of whom were allocated five seats each ) . Thus , by nearly maki..

..inues to proceed under its own momentum , without an " I " . Consciousness , always the Witness to everything , continues making the body-mind appear to others as a person .  1 ) the brother of one of my good friends had his asshole closed last week because of cancer . I do not think that asshole should be used as an insult because it is one of the most important part of a healthy body and a livable life . I appreciate mine a lot and can not imagine how I would do without . Prefer to use " full of shit " ..

.. basis of his age . His Honour found that Mr Smith had been employed generally as a " Pilot in Command " ( as opposed to being specifically qualified for a particular type of aircraft ) and that his employment contract had not been frustrated simply because of his inability to fly certain international routes after he turned 60 : Mr Smith could have flown trans-Tasman routes ( or he could have worked alternatively as a First Officer ) . Judge Colgan held that Mr Smith had effectively been suspended withou..

.. ' kickbacks from the penal-industrial complex . And of course , Arizona 's **27;4098;TOOLONG conspiracist Sheriff Arpaio .  It 's about Judge Richard Russell 's admission of fraud from a September 2011 hearing in Nelson . The topic can be confusing because of the ambiguity of legalese and the legal fictions that are employed in the civil process . It 's more of a constitutional issue than a case of a rogue judge .  Former MP Darren Hughes is now involved with the Electoral Reform Society in the UK and ha..

..f the key elements of leading a national strategic programme is the opportunity to engage with other such programmes around the world . Some might dismiss the value of such engagement as a distraction from a focus on the domestic situation . Perhaps because of my background as a geographer , I 've never felt comfortable with this position , aware as I 've been of the interconnectedness of the planet 's environmental systems . And as I 've had responsibility for New Zealand 's geospatial strategy for a cou..

..nable to offer a work permit to any applicant or facilitate work permits for any vacancy on behalf of one of its clients .  It is Career Teachers policy , as a matter of courtesy , to respond to all applications within three working days . However , because of the volume of applications , we are sometimes unable to respond to individual candidates . If we have not contacted you within three working days your application has been unsuccessful and your details have not been retained . Please apply for any o..

.. I have faith in Rhys and so does everyone else in the team .  " Rhys is a true professional , nothing fazes him . He wo n't care about people slagging him off , but I think it is important for the nation to get behind the team and not shoot us down because of two bad performances    News  Williams could thrive on chance  11/22/2012 06:25:28 PM  PA Sport  Photograph Copyright , after the Scarlets ' back replaced injured wing George North in the , after the Scarlets ' back replaced injured wing George Nort..

..ines how Louis contracted a Norman L. Gurr as agent to sell thirty acres -- which he did . However the tenants -- who were growing potatoes and wheat -- refused to leave after negotiations broke down , and the new owner was unable to take possession because of this problem . The case was settled in favour of the complainant for 39 pounds , 10 shillings . Today that would equal not far off $ NZ 6000.00 just for the settlement , plus court costs . Maybe not an amount that would supposedly break Louis ; but ..

.. real sad day actually when we see the last huey fly for the Air Force -- it 'll be a very sad day for a lot of people , " says Wing Commander Chris Andrew .  The new helicopters were ordered in 2006 but their arrival delayed was delayed , in part , because of faults uncovered by the German Armed Forces .  When they first tested the aircraft they identified a raft of problems : a weak rear ramp , floors that cracked , limited clearance space and seats that could not hold the weight of the crew . But the A..

..e what to do. 5 There appears to be no social hierarchy ; the Piraha have no formal leaders . Their social system can thus be labeled as primitive communism , in common with many other hunter-gatherer bands in the world , although rare in the Amazon because of a history of agriculture before Western contact ( see history of the Amazon ) . http : **35;11205;TOOLONG ...  However they grow up in that world , have always lived that way . Taking humans that have lived in civilization and trying to transform th..

..ve his batting in the longer form of the game .  However , in terms of Dhoni 's captaincy , Shastri noted that he was doing a fairly good job .  " There is room for improvement as a Test batsman , But as a Test captain , he has been made to struggle because of the inability of bowlers to take 20 wickets on foreign pitches . It has influenced the decisions on field placements and tactics . He will get better as a Test captain in time to come , " Shastri said during an interview .  Shastri , who is currentl..

..ake a photo of the carnage or film it to get evidence against the attackers . Al Gore said in An Inconvienient Truth that yellow eyed penguins are threatened by global warming and are in the throws of another disease , avian diptheria which could be because of the warming . As for Russia it has always been a rogue nation for the environment and it is disappointing to see    Pest control , How to do it .  This topic is for people who are doing or wanting to do pest control . I have found over years of doin..

..that he does not go in .  Ryan describes Hobbiton as " awesome " and is " pretty excited to have one of my beers in an old Middle-earth pub " .  That may be partly because his nickname while playing rugby in South Korea for three years was " Frodo " because of his " long , curly hair and hairy feet " .  Surprisingly , he is also a closet role player , describing his younger self as " one of those weird folk who played rugby , went surfing and indulged in Dungeons and Dragons " .  The Green Dragon Inn , wh..

..wages close to the minimum , and to some extent it does . Wage rates have improved over the past few years at a pace slightly above the CPI . There is still some way to go before we arrest the loss of qualified personal overseas . They are NOT going because of high tax rates they are leaving because they get BETTER pay . This is just not my idea . The CEO from Southland DHB was on National radio was quite firm in his opinion that the reason he could not retain NZ trained personnel was simply because he co..

..t quality and the species may be downlisted to vulnerable or near threatened . The Department of Conservation lists the endemic subspecies of little penguin , the white-flippered penguin , Eudyptula minor albosignata , as " nationally vulnerable " , because of a human-induced population decline of up to 70% between the years 1980 and 1993 .  There are three species ( two endemic ) that are considered " vulnerable " by the IUCN classification . The Fiordland crested penguin , Eudyptes pachyrhynchus , has a..

..nd 1998 .  They are also entitled to top-ups once other settlements go above $1 billion in 1994 dollars . They are now due a top-up because this has happened ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ?  The whole thing is a great big fraud . The settlement of 1998 came about because of Geoffery Palmer 's invented Principles of the Treaty of 1986 .  You 're still going on about diseases , Anakareiti . I really ca n't see the point or what it has to do with a Colourblind State . It 's just another one of your little diversions obvio..

..5/2010 1:51:42 p.m .  chad wrote :  the guy that says that maori classes teach about their gods can be quiet cos they not teaching religion , its part of our culture . religion should be taught at the home not in school the number1 reason for war is because of religion . i like some of the values instilled in our children but lose the bullshit ! ! stories ! ! that are taught e.g ADAM AND EVE ! ! !  19/04/2010 3:33:19 p.m .  Greg wrote :  NO ! , especially islamic education ! , all these religious nutter c..

..les to a pure speech , that all of them may call on the name of the Lord and serve him with one accord . 10 From beyond the rivers of Ethiopia my suppliants , my scattered ones , shall bring my offering . 11 On that day you shall not be put to shame because of all the deeds by which you have rebelled against me ; for then I will remove from your midst your proudly exultant ones , and you shall no longer be haughty in my holy mountain . 12 For I will leave in the midst of you a people humble and lowly . Th..

...  It was found that her 3cm lump was cancerous but since the disease was detected in early stages her treatment began immediately with eight sessions of chemotherapy and radiation therapy along with surgery .  She says , " I knew about the symptoms because of a history of the disease in my family but there is a lack of awareness among the general population , so many patients find out they 've    Categories  Meta  Auckland Council : just as bad as the government when it comes to transport ?  By Joshua Ar..

..s alienation of lands and resources . Maori leadership has got to work this through and de-programme all that does not rightfully belong within our Iwi histories . Maori women , as we all know , are the backbone of Maori society and that is n't only because of our ability to bear children . It is unfair , soul destroying and a tragic waste of much needed skill , energy and commitment , to continue to deny Maori women their rightful place in Iwi/Maori decision-making . 100  The challenge for Maori , women ..

..ures  Often , complaints of sensitive skin relate only to the face . Products that are tolerated on other sites cause irritation and rashes ; eyelids are especially sensitive . Armpits , groin and genitals may also be more sensitive than other areas because of thinner skin .  The term sensitive skin most often refers to a form of irritant contact dermatitis . This is defined as an inflammatory response of the skin to ( an ) externally applied agent(s) or factor(s) without requiring prior sensitisation , i..

..so finished them off in style as well . Outstanding overall leadership from Adrian Clay saw him pick up both the Te Waiariki best forward and player of the year trophies .  Nathaniel Walker was selected as the Bay of Plenty 7 's player of the year , because of his vast experience at the sevens game and his overall leadership skills . Nathan introduced an excellent team building culture to the side and demonstrated solid defence under pressure . Calli Tuner who received the Bay of Plenty Women 7 's top awa..

.. your favour , in some cases .  Is It Right for You ?  The biggest question many people have is whether or not variable home loans are right for them . In most cases , they are . They are one of the most popular options available today for borrowers because of the flexibility built into them . One of the biggest benefits of these loans is that flexibility , which fixed rate loans do not offer . However , it is important to select the right type of loan for your needs . There are three main types that may ..

..d of further disqualification . This enabled her to complete her course and hold on to her part time job which counted towards course requirements .  S 94 Community Service in Lieu of Disqualification - Police v P. P was a young man was disqualified because of excess demerit points . He obtained a limited licence because he was a truck driver but then breached the terms of his licence . He was then charged with Breach of Limited Licence . He applied for a s94 order . Written submissions and two affidavits..

..attened out several islands . Now the daylight , which would interrupt his work , commenced to appear . Maui hastened to cast his line for the last time . This island came up , and the god jumped on to it , but he was only able to make a few springs because of the daylight . Hence all the irregularities of surface that are to be seen in Futuna . "  In the above myth , we recognise the bare outline of one of Maui 's great feat , which other branches of the race have related with full detail . All the princ..

..s includes middle-class people who earned good incomes but were made redundant and are now surviving on a benefit or have moved onto low or minimum wages , yet still have large mortgages and other debt to service .  Yvonne has seen families break up because of the massive pressures caused by debt and the tremendous efforts required to keep a family afloat with a minimal disposable income . When a client 's financial situation is truly dire , the last resort is a no asset procedure , which is a less severe..

..yone , and that includes family members . The day is very similar to what your mum or dad went through when they were 15 . However , times have changed , so some of the issues we talk about will have changed , and some of the tests will be different because of new technology .  During the day , there will be some downtime , and there is a space available for you to relax where food and drinks will be available . At the end of the day ( about 3pm ) , we will ask you to tell us what you thought of the day a..

..omer Security Codes confidential and to contact The Co-operative Bank on 08457 212 212 immediately if they are aware someone else knows their Customer Security Codes .  I 'm sorry for this odd request because it might get to you too urgent but it 's because of the situation of things right now .  My family and i came down here to Madrid , Spain , for a short vacation unfortunately we were mugged at the park of the hotel where we stayed , All cash , credit card and Phones were stolen off us but luckily for..

..very 50 years . Closest approach was in 1993 , while the widest separation will be in 2022 . The white dwarf will not be visible to most backyard observers , however , until the early years of the 21st century . Even then it remains difficult to see because of the glare of Sirius . A white dwarf is only about the diameter of the Earth , but contains most ( 90% ) of the star 's original mass . White dwarfs are therefore exceptionally dense bodies . A teaspoonful of material would have a mass of thousands o..

.. amount of the fixed deduction , and the repayment value presented will be higher than the example given here . You should ask your operator about legal fees , marketing fees , refurbishment costs and renovation costs ( if you have modified the unit because of disability ) to get a better estimate of your repayment value .  Worked example of repayment when the operator makes a capital loss  In a capital loss situation , the operator is unable to sell the unit for a higher amount than your capital repaymen..

..ich permits investigations of a meaningful nature . Finally , there is also the difficulty that COI will seldom address the specific circumstances of the individual claimant . In the majority of cases COI is of a much more general kind .  20 Largely because of these considerations the general approach of the RSAA to refugee claims was to focus primarily on the credibility of the refugee claimant as assessed against publicly accessible information . 34 This approach was approved by the New Zealand Supreme ..

..Sanzar season .  But what a transformation immediately after halftime !  The Boks discovered the energy they had been lacking earlier , the forwards underlining just how important they are to the direction of a game .  Suddenly they were in it , and because of that , the Boks were also in it . No -- more than just in it ; for most of the second half , they dominated .  Ireland were determined enough in the final minutes , and the South Africans just failed to deliver the coup de grace that they frequently..

..promised a classless society when they came to New Zealand , the franchise was extended to all European males , regardless of whether they owned or rented property . At the same time in the United Kingdom , 40% of adult men were still unable to vote because of land ownership restrictions .  New Zealand women fought for many years to gain the vote . In 1869 , Mary Muller published An Appeal to the Men of New Zealand , which was read all over the world , including by British liberal thinker and campaigner f..

..thfully day by day . Help me to see that all ministry , without love for people , produces nothing ! In    C hristian , are you living , or merely existing ? Everywhere one turns these days we see and hear of people struggling to get ahead in life ( because of all kinds of reasons ) . Christians should not be living that way . I know that life is not always " a bed of roses , " but I also have learned that life is very much an attitude . And the attitude we adopt in life especially for our own life determ..

..t which r highly subconcious . Its like a male saying that he is not shallow for being attracted to a physically attractive woman because it boosts his status in society , and it enables him to have attractive offspring which will be more successful because of it . Both these arguments are generally true ... but do n't excuse men from being shallow , as it 's subconcious to men also . Both sexes r shallow !  Stacey , You cant understand that guys love boobs ? ? of course they make our sex lifes better .. ..

..ck " ( SM 108-09 ) .  73.06-07 : crusty Proust who liked to decapitate rats when he did not feel like sleeping : Proust had rats brought to him and either pierced with hatpins or pursued and beaten with sticks by young men , according to Andr Gide , because of his " desire to conjoin the most disparate sensations and emotions for the purposes of orgasm " ( George Painter , Proust : The Later Years , Boston : Little , Brown , 1965 , 268-69 and n . ) . " The story of Proust 's sadistic experiments with rats..

..ries covered by lump sum payments may stem from :  Treatment Injury  Work-related gradual process injury , disease or infection ( so long as the person last performed the relevant task after 1 April 2002 , or was first treated and rendered incapable because of this injury after that date )  Lost limbs , sight , or hearing  Back or joint injuries  Sensitive claims .  In assessing levels of impairment , ACC uses international guidelines to measure a percentage of the body function that has been impaired .  ..

..ieve this . Sure there will be challenges along the way but it 's not the big scary monster that she has created in her mind .  Often with fitness the first step is the hardest . Not because it 's literally the physically hardest , it 's the hardest because of what you created in your mind . If you can have the courage to take that step you might just realise that the things you are afraid of are n't that bad after all , that you might even enjoy them .  Reader Comments ( 2 )  I totally relate to this ! E..

..aking antidepressant drugs . There are other ways to overcome it and most people can do it if they try . The first option you have to get help with depression is to consider something called talk therapy . This can be very beneficial for many people because of the ability to talk about things that may have caused your depression . Doing this can help to alleviate the depressing feelings that you have and get to the root of the problem . Many times depression is caused from emotional things rather than phy..

.. defrost cycle turns power on and off in order to allow time for heat conduction from water to ice . The oven demonstrates that low frequency radiation does not act like high frequency radiation , even if the intensity ( flux ) is greater .  This is because of the main hypothesis in the paper that radiated energy from a source which is cooler than a target is not absorbed and converted to thermal energy by such changes in electron energy states at the atomic level . If the radiation from such a source is ..

..nd if we had more resources , we would be able to improve so much more .  With our new implementation every dataobject has certain attributes that are translateable . We do n't use translateable extension for dataobjects any more . This is necessary because of the way SilverStripe handles translateable dataobjects : all attributes like price , amount in stock are being cloned along with the dataobject and this behaviour is not wanted in an eCommerce scenario .  To make a long story short : we have to refa..

..eters who pitched them perfectly into the cultural environment of twentieth century western life . It is that success in other products , such as alcohol and sugar , that has drawn out the debate over government control of fast moving consumer goods because of the cost these impose on society .  The latest cause celebre of FMCG is energy drinks , right in the spotlight of social outrage through the legal challenge initiated by a number of deaths purportedly from drinking " Monster " brand product in the U..

..r mention it , is n't it ? . You prefer to go with Wegmann despite the evidence discrediting him for that report and his subsequent papers . His proven plagerising and distortion of conclusions ) .  You guys have to continue your persecution of Mann because of the icon status of his findings . Findings that are accepted by the science community and his work continues to be published despite the McCarthy like persecution .  And just have a look at the titles of the papers that Bob quotes -- you can see the..

.. August 23 with Hawke 's Bay hosting   experienced insight into pick the score competitions and fantasy sports .  Monday , September 24 , 2012  What To Do With The ITM Cup Structure ?  The ITM Cup has been labelled a " coach killer " by some coaches because of the lack of time not only for players to recover from injuries sustained during matches with short turnarounds , but also for the lack of opportunities for coaches to rectify poor performances because training time is so limited . Teams are required..

..EALEY TRIUMPH  There are two faults which show up in the breather systems of Midgets and MGBs which cause dramatic oil consumption and lots of blue smoke , even with a reconditioned engine . Quite a number engine has been unnecessarily reconditioned because of these faults so if you have a smoky engine , although the odds are that it does need overhaul , check these out before you dive in and spend lots of money :  First miracle cure :  The breather pollution control valve on the manifold , where fitted ,..

..in my books as we are all so busy with life and if I had the extra $$$ in my budget would most definitely be something that I would look to order regularly . Thanks to Kidspot and Fresh to Go .  Got my order on Tuesday - I had requested between 9-12 because of the school run even though delivery time was 8-12 . It was not a problem with them and was delivered just after 10am . Was overwhelmed as expecting one salad - got 3 plus aoili potato salad and apple bites . Chicken salad was great , , the chicken c..

..believe the employer could ever have thought was appropriate .  The case involved a Ms S who was employed as a national service delivery team leader for a kitchen supplier . After only a short time with the company Ms S had her employment terminated because of what the employer claimed was redundancy . To the ERA , Ms S claimed her employer had made two errors . The first was that the employer failed to pay her a bonus that was provided for her in her Individual Employment Agreement ( IEA ) . The second w..

..esolution : There is no technical solution to the above conditions -- you should ensure your application can handle a situation where the authentication session has been lost gracefully , and prompt the user to re-authenticate . If this is happening because of one of the above scenarios on a regular basis , you might need to examine more closely the reasons why , and educate users accordingly .  Error : Does not match an expected access token : **26;5639;TOOLONG &oauth_probl\\...; THISISANCCESSTOKEN does ..

.., as I 've already said , a pretty solid , if finely constituted , instrumental ensemble sound .  Attendance at these Old St.Paul 's lunchtime concerts of late ( at least the ones I 've been to ) have been surprisingly good , considering ( perhaps , because of ! ) the inclement weather -- and today 's concert was no exception ( the attendance AND the weather ! ) . There 's obviously a loyal following for the venture , for all the reasons I 've mentioned , and in this case the music and the music-making wo..

