..drop the charges against Angeles since she was a " former colleague . "  See what I mean by my comment above about the judiciary being an Old Boys and Girls Club ?  A judge who is hearing a criminal case against a fellow judge will acquit the latter because of    IN THE KNOW : Maria Lourdes Sereno  Maria Lourdes Sereno was the first appointee of President Benigno Aquino III to the Supreme Court . She was appointed on Aug. 13 , 2010 , as associate justice . At 50 , she was the youngest to be appointed to s..

..ings complicated by sinning . From Adam and Eve 's original sin , to Sodom and Gomorrah , to the people and Roman soldiers who killed Jesus , to our now complicatedly evolved social structures and family structures , our life became more complicated because of our own doing . God did n't lay a single hand on any of it . It 's all our fault .  The devil can be really crafty . We could commit sin and not know that we 're doing it . It can be as subtle as the longing for recognition to the point of being sho..

..ng one of its primary goals .  " We have to be practical . There are n't many bikers in Hong Kong and the roads are not really suitable for bikers for daily commuting , " he says .  He concedes it is a Catch 22 situation . People do not want to ride because of the pollution , but unless they get in the saddle the air quality is less likely to improve .  -- Cyclists treated with " suspicion " --  Potential cyclists , who may be put off by the lack of bicycle parking and workplace showers , will also be tem..

..ncy housing , containers can be used to build them .  Shipping container homes are earning more attention purely because they can be a fantastic option to low-cost housing . The boxes may possibly be transported quite simply by train , truck or ship because of their standard size .  These containers are certainly incredibly affordable leading them to be a fantastic choice for mortar and bricks which are the typical items used for building . Used containers run for around $1,200 . If you want a absolutely ..

..s pretty good for its price .  Xiao Long Bao - Php 88 for 4 pieces  The Hot and Sour Noodle Soup was so rich and thick , it had the right level of sourness and spiciness .  Hot and Sour Noodle Soup - Php188  The Three Cups Chicken is a named as such because of the way of preparing it . For each chicken a cup of soy sauce , rice wine and sesame oil are used to cooked the dish in an earthen pot . This tasted how it supposed to be , the meat was so tender and juicy .  Three Cup Chicken - Php248  The Onion Pa..

..first honorary doctorate degree , in public administration , during his visit to Chile . Argentina also conferred an honorary degree on President Erap . " Abroad , President Estrada is a rising bright star and the Filipinos are held in high esteem , because of their hard work and achievements , " Arizala said .  * * *  PULSEBEAT : It is high time that consumers get the protection and help that they deserve . Take the case of Mrs. Ledevina Nakamura who , two years ago , tendered full payment for a parcel o..

.. children due to the flash floods that devastated Cagayan de Oro City , Iligan City and Dumaguete City and are still able to have children , chances are , you will have more children to replace the ones who perished in that flood . I 'm writing this because of the thousands that perished in that flood , many of them small children . Of course , we know well enough that making babies is not a priority for the victims as of now .  This is why I was appalled by a report that came from another paper last Mond..

..sug , pugngan nimo gahi kaayo ( She would suddenly flare up and she was so stiff when we tried to calm her down ) , " said a third year student .  Ambrosia Cabalida , mother of a 13-year-old student , said she did n't want her child to join the camp because of a " supernatural occurrence " there last October in the same campsite .  " We did n't want to permit her to join the camp , but her teacher insisted that she join , " Cabalida said in Cebuano .    Pimentel seeks probe on failure of gov't bodies to p..

..w understood clearly their economic and class interests and how they were being manipulated by the Americans as part of the imperial design . Within the anti-imperialist camp , class antagonisms were muted , both because they were not understood and because of the need to present a united nationalist front . But the latent class contradictions were always present , and they began to surface in the second and third year of the war against the Americans with the defection of a number of army officers . Thes..

..h more casual stroll in the park with just 1.5% of the global Web usage share .  Interestingly , we can see IE9 dipping between March 20 and 21 , just before the ' Important ' Windows Update rolled out . It 's hard to say whether IE9 is only growing because of the installed-by-default Windows Update , but that small dip definitely sticks out -- did excitement peter out ? Did people download IE9 , try it out , and summarily uninstall it ? Perhaps , given their close proximity , the stats show an attention ..

..necessarily be able to own these jewels , it is really enough to have studied them up close , like we did in Singapore . Bulgari    " A lot of my inherited traits came from Mama ( that 's how she calls my mom , her grandmother ) so I am the way I am because of a lot of the stuff she probably went through as a child , or while she was pregnant with you , " my daughter began .  My mother , and not me ? She certainly had my attention .  The Genetic Science Learning Center of University of Utah says , " Epige..

..der the bed and from underneath it asked K. , " Just a moment more , would you not like to see a picture I could sell to you ? " K. did not want to be impolite , the painter really had taken his side and promised to help him more in the future , and because of K. 's forgetfulness there had been no mention of any payment for the painter 's help , so K. could not turn him down now and allowed him to show him the picture , even though he was quivering with impatience to get out of the studio . From under the..

..ion that many poor litigants were repeat offenders and 95 per cent of their crimes were the result of poverty , she thought that the last thing her clients needed was another lawyer . " What was essential was livelihood since they could n't get jobs because of their criminal records . " she said . Initially , she and some college students set up Clean Slate exclusively for probationers and parolees in Makati City . The small business produced dishwashing liquid , fabric conditioner , and moisturizing liqu..

..here you can identify what brain part lights up when you sense , feel or think .  ? Bernoulli 's Principle . In 1738 , Doaniel Bernoulli discovered the principle that explains how birds are able to fly . Bernoulli 's principle works on the idea that because of the shape of a wing , the air travels more over the top of the wing creating higher pressure beneath it . The difference in pressure between the tow lifts the wing . It 's the same principle we use in making airplanes , race cars -- even frisbees ! ..

.. traitors on the side of the Jewish people . Those who negotiate for the Muslims are sometimes looked at as having turned their backs on some Islamic principles .  So any coalition is really very tricky to get into . In this case , it is doubly hard because of the local candidates . For example , in Cavite both campaigns have already kicked off between the Remulla , Revilla Maliksi and Lacson factions . One is solid Liberal , one is solid Nacionalista . But if you ask most of the Nacionalistas and most of..

.. of the Department of Agrarian Reform to spend its budget also indicated implementation difficulties . As of June 1990 , the department had utilized only 44 percent of the P14.2 billion allocated to it for the period January 1988-June 1990 . In part because of Supreme Court rulings , the Department of Agrarian Reform cut its land acquisition target in late 1990 by almost half from 400,000 hectares to 250,000 hectares .  The Philippine Islands became a Spanish colony during the 16th century ; they were ced..

..he Complete LV handbags incorporate one of the wedding dresses most powerful options to suit your desires . These kinds of types of purses and handbags are broadly around as well as presented in the marketplace appropriate now , obtaining recognized because of its well-known and too well-known artist , almost all of these extensive purses and handbags are devoid of doubt very likely to come up using a achieve through the thorough marketing and advertising and advertising marketplace .  Most carriers in ad..

..flung place in the Philippines nowadays , it 's getting to be a bore . Really . And when you 're someone who firmly believes in the saying " The journey , not the arrival , matters " by TS Eliot , then you 'll definitely be terrified of flying . Not because of the prospect that the aircraft might malfunction anytime and crash , but because the flight would have taken half the thrill of your trip away .  It is in this spirit of adventure that this Summer Trip article has been written . Flying does present ..

.. lots ! yeah a lots of water ! . Do n't you know that 75% of your body is water and 90% of your brain . But does n't that tell you something ? Keep a glass of water handy , there 's nothing that can replace it . I used to drink coke more often , but because of what happened to me I begun to train myself drinking 8 -10 glasses a day . Drinking water is so important that you must add this to achieve your goal of a healthy body .  This one point can not be emphasized enough - if you wait until you are thirst..

..piece of a dream-world into reality . - Henry David Thoreau  Never give up on what you really want to do . The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts . - Life 's Little Instruction Calendar  Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it . The time will pass anyway . - Unknown  If the dream is a translation of waking life , waking life is also a translation of the dream . - Ren ? Magritte  It 's better to have an impossible dream than no dream ..

..he Filipino public seems to take a rather benign view of the gay community , at least judging from popular media and the widespread use of gayspeak . But a spokesperson of Ladlad points out that LGBTs " are becoming increasingly vulnerable to crimes because of their sexual orientation and gender identity . " The group has tracked the number of LGBTs killed since 1996 at 156 , with 16 of these killings occurring just this year . " Homophobia , biphobia and transphobia are the major motivations for hate cri..

.. on getting tangled up with the chattering of base functionaries like this ? - and they admit themselves that they are of the lowest position . They 're talking about things of which they do n't have the slightest understanding , anyway . It 's only because of their stupidity that they 're able to be so sure of themselves . I just need few words with someone of the same social standing as myself and everything will be incomparably clearer , much clearer than a long conversation with these two can make it ..

..nd firmness that have been denied the Basa family and so many others in their long and lonely fight for dignity . Indeed , all the trouble and tears will not be in vain .  PDI : Considering the public humiliation that the Coronas are going through ( because of the impeachment ) , can you now say that 's prayers heard ?  BASA : We always felt that everything happens in God 's time . We did not bring this out . What 's happening to them is their own doing . We did not do anything to cause that to them . The..

..stant debt , completely under the submission of the power of their bosses .  Debts and illiteracy created for these unspecialized manual laborers a world of domination and dependence .  The poorest of all the laborers , excluded from a work contract because of advanced age or illness , lived on the margin of any organization or any guild .  The most preferred laborers , those who never experienced a single day of unemployment , received their salary between 260 and 290 days per year , based on an excessiv..

..ualified for honors ?  Yes , as long as you were not underloaded ( after dropping ) for that semester .  My GWA is 1.45 , but I was underloaded for one semester . Will I still be considered for graduation with honors ?  Yes , if you were underloaded because of poor health , unavailability of courses , or you had to work to support your studies . You must provide proof to support your reason for underloading .  I transferred from another college in UPLB . Will the courses I took in my previous curriculum b..

..ticles that a lot of her contemporary actresses will be doing movies and dramas in short period of time in between and the projects are good ... How I wish our YEH will finally pick drama and movie soon .... Sometimes I ca n't help myself but to cry because of scarcity of info or even rumors about her next project ...  While I thank YEH warriors for sharing with us about news in her tweets and even the hit that generated from Running Man episode ( although I am not a shipper ) ... Still , deep in my heart..

..ong , then apologize . Do n't get angry . " -- Jin Gook  " When the victory is n't applauded by their friends , at times when they are happy and they ca n't even smile , their hearts have already become empty . " -- Sam Dong  " That 's right , it 's because of Jin Gook that you 're crying . That 's because he debuted first , and you 're crying out of jealousy ... there 's no other reason , right ? " -- Sam Dong  Welcome to Asian Drama Quotes  This is a blog of quotes from Asian dramas that have been colle..

.. strolling in the park . Hydrogen atom said " I lost an electron " . Helium inquired , " Are you sure ? " Hydrogen replied " Yes , I am positive . "  Enjoy your celebrations    Has your PC ever broken down before ? Were you distracted from your work because of that ? And you were on a deadline to finish your work or school project ? In this era , people are really depended on electronic devices especially computers because they are basically spend all day and night long doing their activities or finishing..

.. . The sick is assured of the graces of Final Sacrament .  The First Friday novena continually readies us to receive the graces and sacraments necessary for our state of life . Countless couples were bonded in matrimony or their shaky marriage fixed because of the devotion . Many priests started out as devotees of the Sacred Heart and have deepened their devotion now that they are priests .  Enthronement is a simple solemn ceremony of love . Visit the parish office now and schedule an enthronement in your..

..porter of rice . The true amount that we needed in 2010 was 1.3 million metric tons , but we imported 2.3 million tons . Somehow , the math does not compute . And yet they insisted on ordering more than what was needed -- by a million tons . Worse , because of the amount of rice that was imported , the government even had to shoulder additional storage costs , further eating into the public trough . Now , however , the 1.3 million metric tons that our country was thought once to have to import yearly has ..

..infamous Cry of Balintawak that started Philippine Revolution  Marcelo H. del Pilar , another leader of the Propaganda Movement in Spain , also influenced the formation of the Katipunan and historians believe he had a direct hand in its organization because of his role in the Propaganda Movement and his eminent position in Philippine Masonry . Most of the founders of the Katipunan were free masons . The Katipunan had initiation ceremonies that were copied from masonic rites . It also had an order of rank ..

.. Benigno Aquino III and discussed a wide range of topics , including bilateral trade and investment , security cooperation and regional issues . Canada and the Philippines have strong and growing relations , and people-to-people links are increasing because of the large Filipino community in Canada . The Philippines is also a growing trade and investment partner for Canada as well as an important regional partner in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations ( ASEAN ) .  Trade and Investment Relations Can..

..ying every cat which came near to their hovel ; and from some of the sounds heard after dark , many villagers fancied that the manner of slaying was exceedingly peculiar . But the villagers did not discuss such things with the old man and his wife ; because of the habitual expression on the withered faces of the two , and because their cottage was so small and so darkly hidden under spreading oaks at the back of a neglected yard . In truth , much as the owners of cats hated these odd folk , they feared th..

..e group not to release the findings . They needed time to ensure that they can recover their investment . First , sell off to another buyer . Imagine . What a Senator . Nakakahiya !  If what Trillanes was saying is true , we were on the brink of war because of some Indonesian investment ?  So Manny Pangilinan is the Pinoy version of Haliburton ?  Can you believe that ? We got Malaysians " observing " talks between the government and the MILF ; we have Indonesian exports of Jemaah Islamiyah ; and we have s..

.. Neutral Milk Hotel , A Hawk and a Hacksaw ) and Heather Trost ( A Hawk and a Hacksaw ) ; it combines elements of Eastern European and folk sounds . Condon plays the trumpet and the ukulele as his main instruments , having been unable to play guitar because of a wrist injury that prevented his hand from reaching fully around the neck of a guitar. 1  Though young , Condon has already released a few albums . He recorded under the name The Real People when he was 15 , making The Joys of Losing Weight , which..

..estigative journalism and impeachment prosecutors are failing to focus on an important side of the coin : who are the sources of Corona 's millions ? For example , it is a stretch to believe that Corona flip flopped on the billions-of-pesos PAL case because of free tickets and VIP favors . Corona would not be bought that cheaply .  There must be disgruntled , low-paid PAL accountants who would be willing to reveal ( anonymously ) discretionary accounts for PEPs like Corona .  I have to convince myself . T..

.. and nothing stops its rapid descent . Our mind may be occupied with culpable thoughts even when our body is busy . On the other hand , sloth of body , or idleness and inactivity , may lead to a thousand temptations which we will be unable to resist because of the weakness and sluggishness of our will , sleeping in the inaction of sloth .  We must fly sloth because it prevents us from working out our salvation ; because it is the parent of many evils . If we sow nothing , we shall reap nothing . Life is s..

.. forgotten . " Her religious name , Sr. Therese of the Child Jesus and Holy Face , therefore came to signify what she was about and how God 's grace was working in her .  What are the four miracles that made Therese a Saint ?  Therese became a saint because of the way she responded wholeheartedly to God 's love and the grace of the Holy Spirit within her . We believe that God embraced her upon her death and shared with her a risen life of Jesus in heaven . While the Church recognizes the holiness and sanc..

..terestingly , I stumbled upon an article , titled Good Customer service is Key to Capturing Holiday Shoppers . According to the article , 60 percent shop more often at certain online sites , and 50 percent shop more often at specific retail stores , because of a good    Cute Pick Up Lines Cute pick up lines and really funny pick up lines you can use on girls . Try these cute pick up lines at your own risk !  Cute Pick Up Lines For Girls  A clever or " cute " pick up line can be a clever way to " break the..

.. the whole year , " Foye said of the second-year pro 's physical play . " He 's a great talent . In a few years , he 's going to be one of the best power forwards in the league . "  Before the game , Karl said the one individual he feared was Foye , because of his 3-point shooting .  Back-to-back 3-pointers by Foye and Marvin Williams capped Utah 's big run to tie it at 77 .  But Foye 's big play was to tie up Iguodala on the next possession , and win the jump , leaving Iguodala complaining .  When McGee ..

..an Fr . Diego de Herrera who died there in the 1576 . The priest , who journeyed with Spanish conquistadors Legazpi and Urdaneta , is the first Catholic missionary to the province .  Another frequented spot is the Batong Paluway Chapel in San Andres because of the thumbnail-sized river stone bearing the image of the Virgin Mary which is believed to have grown over the years .  A must-see historic place is the Luyang Cave Park in San Andres where scores of natives where choked to death in the 17th century ..

..ent of equal opportunity in fact .  We must recognize the full human equality of all of our people before God , before the law , and in the councils of government . We must do this , not because it is economically advantageous , although it is ; not because of the laws of God command it , although they do ; not because people in other lands wish it so . We must do it for the single and fundamental reason that it is the right thing to do .  We recognize that there are problems and obstacles before the fulf..

..view  Edward and his family attend a tribute party for his mother . But before that he had a meeting with Julio Santillian 's son in the gym . And they had a martial art fight , in the end Edward beat the guy and lost the contract on the Santillians because of what happened . On the party Edward is making a speech about his mother(deceased) . He told the people that how great as an artist his mom and probably if she is still alive he wo n't be known as a businessman . He 's father Don Arturo was so upset ..

.. ....  Are you juggling your work and family ? Are you having difficulties in managing your time and trying to finish all your tasks within 24 hours ? You might want to consider working from home . More and more people are choosing to work from home because of its benefits . If you are contemplating working from home , continue reading to learn more about the advantages ....  In this modern times , people prefer to work at home rather than working in large companies or somewhere else . There are lots of d..

.. play regularly . These are players who are exposed regularly to what high-level play is like , not the basement players that make up the masses in the U.S. and many other countries . "  Chinese Technique  Some say China is good at table tennis only because of sheer numbers . There is , of course , a degree of truth to this . However , as shown by Europe 's ( especially Sweden 's ) rise in the early 1990s , and China 's decline , numbers can not overcome poor technique . In the late 1980's/early 1990s , C..

.. is a grandchild of the famousYves Leopold Gaston , Father of the Sugar Industry in the country , and one of the 12 children of Victor Gaston ( who raised his 12 kids in what is now Balay Negrense ) .  Anyway , this house is famous back in the 80 's because of the Oro , Plata , Mata movie ... a masterpiece film by the late Peque Gallaga . Since then , it has provided a backdrop for other films ( since some of the Gaston descendants have married into showbiz ) . Only , because it is still home to Msgr . GG..

.. . Then there 's the fact at times he uses my personal belongings like my PS3 and laptop without asking my permission . When I do try to call him out on it , he bitches and throws a hissy fit . Then has the nerve to accuse me of being selfish . Just because of what ? Because I care alot about my belongings ? What makes it worse is that he even already has his own PS3 and laptop . Hell he even has a big screen HD tv , I-Pad , Xbox360 , Wii and yet he appears as if he 's still not satisfied to point he 's u..

..aid the new order " has far-reaching ? impact on the rates of fees and charges paid by the public when securing documents that need government certification such as passport and marriage and birth certificates . ? All of these fees may soon increase because of P-Noy ? s order , ? the lawmaker said . Administrative Order No. 31 , signed by Aquino on October 1 , directs and authorizes all ? heads of departments , bureaus , commissions , agencies , offices andinstrumentalities of the national government , in..

..hat I do n't mind that . The lab director was talking about prepping one of us to deliver her job talk ( one member of the lab just graduated and now has three additional letters after her name ) and how intense and stressful a job talk can be . And because of that , she wants her to deliver an internal talk first , which makes sense . A job talk is a stressful occasion : I 've been to several ones , since there have been 2 searches in the department while I am here . Every member of the faculty asked sev..

..e of Technology-University ( CIT-U ) Wildcats in the 12th Cebu Schools Athletic Foundation Inc . ( Cesafi ) men 's basketball tournament at the Cebu Coliseum .  The season so far has not been kind to the Cobras , a team many pegged to be untouchable because of the presence of their two Cameroonian players Justin Aboude and Ben Mbala .  However , that has not been the case as the Cobras have already lost two games in the tournament , the latest a 61-64 defeat at the hands of the University of Cebu ( UC ) W..

..failed to build a public school system throughout the Philippines . Their rule in the Philippines for almost 400 years was one of subjugation .  However , if not for them , there would not be a Republic of the Philippines of today . In other words , because of their lust for gold , the Spaniards unified the archipelago--from Luzon to the Visayas and down to Mindanao . If not for them , we would have been either Muslims or followers of Hinduism .  ?  And so one day , and together with his brothers Mariano ..

..isability to succeed . Most kids in the community where Gualandi works are now taking up education courses in college so they can teach deaf students and improve the quality of education for deaf students .  This still remains a challenge , though , because of the lack of appropriate " skills matrix " for measuring the communication skills of deaf applicants for licensure exams at the Professional Regulatory Commission ( PRC ) .  Most deaf teacher applicants would Filipino and Social Studies , which are m..

..urns are done slowly , with the dancers taking as many steps as they wish .  Initial refusal  In the 20 th century , many musicians tried to get merengue introduced in various ballrooms . However , high society was initially scandalized by the dance because of the rather suggestive lyrics and its association with African music , and its stigma of being slave music .  People behind Merengue  Some of the people that initially pushed for Merengue were Julio Alberto Hernandez , Juan Espinola and Juan F. Garci..

..ust want to believe it does for some reason .  I do not question her talent , that is beside the point , but when actions of shouting " proud to be pinoy " are labeled on someone who rose above the average person to become a person of notoriety just because of some portion/percentage of " filipino blood " in their ancestry , that is just weird or too much already .  Yes you can be proud of the person as saying they did it , they made it through hardwork , but do n't go labeling it as " proud to be pinoy "..

..artners feel during pregnancy like nausea and vomiting brought , this does not mean that they are less anxious and do not care about what their partners are going through . Some are even guilty as they see their partner going through some hard times because of pregnancy . Fathers to be often face a dilemma as to what they are going to do and how are they going to support their partner all throughout the entire nine months . This is so true especially for first time fathers who are equally as clueless as t..

..om the world for ever .  in order to relax , we decided anything down , travel . Is the first brother brought to Europe , because his brother said the national day or to play it , he only in the National Day is a holiday , and I am also the relation because of the job , can rarely be placed golden week . This year or travel . At that time every day to see Europe , trip planning , feel European place too much , more than ten days is not enough , to glance over things hurriedly without any meaning , selecte..

..al is 10 times higher than that in terrestrial plants ; xanthophyll concentrations of over 1,000 parts per million ( ppm ) were documented in poultry feeding trials in Peru and are shown in figure 4 . see next footnote This is economically important because of the relatively high cost of the pigment supplement in poultry feed .  Footnote : Source : Haustein et al , 1988 .  A monoculture of Nile tilapia and a polyculture of Chinese and Indian carp species were observed to feed readily on fresh duckweed in ..

..'s going on in my story . I do n't think I 'm explaining this well haha . Anyway on the plus side , there 's a lot of replay value if I play a new race  But the important part is , I 'm having fun I love the fact that I do n't feel pressured to play because of a subscription fee    OMGeek is One Year Old !  It may not come as a surprise to you by now since there 's actually a thread in the forums about it , but OMGeek does turn a year old today ! We 've survived a few speed bumps and weathered some setbac..

.. more interventionist , which limits economic freedom .  This extends to fundamental beliefs . Protestants believe that it is our individual responsibility to avoid sin . On the other hand , the Catholic Church emphasizes man 's inevitability to sin because of inherent human weakness , and therefore the need for a Church that will forgive and protect .  Furthermore , Catholic-dominated societies prefer the poor and the destitute over the rich . As a result , the poor tend to feel resigned to their fate . ..

..u should be able to get good ekips for you by now and better leveling ...  as for Guardians ... Meh I do n't think Guardians do n't count so much to me ... sense it still mostly depends on the Characters ...  Charms were decently easy to play for me because of their higher defenses and HP , powers for their strength , and magics for their AoE abilities ( mainly sheep since I have n't had a dragon for a long time ) , while senses do n't seem to have any of those battle perks and are mediocre at best for a ..

..al affairs . There are also basketball shoes perfect for the kuyas and well-designed slippers for the ates . The little ones in the family can also get cute shoes , sandals and slippers that will make them lovelier .  I have always loved Res Toe Run because of the different brands it offers to their customers . Whenever I want to get a brand new pair of shoes , the first thing that comes into my mind is this shop . I no longer need to transfer from one place to another because almost all brands are alread..

.. , a team of some 300 truce monitors was progressively deployed into Syria as part of former UN-Arab League envoy Kofi Annan 's six-point plan to end the bloodshed .  But the UN Supervision Mission in Syria was suspended in June and numbers cut back because of the mounting violence , as both sides violated a ceasefire that was meant to have been the cornerstone of Annan 's plan .  Last week , Gaye accused both the Syrian army and rebel forces of failing to protect civilians as the fighting escalated .  " ..

..ome the three points .  Cards will play a factor in this match . If a player is docked a second yellow in the final group match , the suspension will carryover to the semifinals . Other than that , the slate will be wiped clean . It is possible that because of this , coaches might consider changes in their rotation .  Thailand 's Winfried Schafer might opt to sit striker Teerasil Dangda who has four goals to his name in two matches . Does Teerasil sit for their match against Vietnam ?  For the Philippines..

.. assessment and inspection of the DO-254 documents is ( in theory ) performed , and a one-time signoff is given for installation in a single aircraft . However , I 'm told that it is becoming much rarer to perform Form 337 installations , presumably because of the ease of abuse .  A somewhat trickier question is whether you will be able to manufacture your product . The authority to manufacture the product comes in the form of a Part Manufacture Approval ( PMA ) . You are not actually able to obtain a PMA..

..y , these ecosystems are threatened . Aside from factors such as climate change and natural disasters , human destruction of these forests for logging and agricultural purposes are taking its toll . Areas covered by rainforests are rapidly shrinking because of it .  Loss of tropical forests reduces rain  Deforestation can have a significant effect on tropical rainfall , new research confirms . The findings have potentially devastating impacts for people living in and near the Amazon and Congo forests .  A..

..who use the issue to attack churches or religion .  the most effective sex education programs are those that have a strong foundation in abstinence education .  One of these is , The Student will likely to do the things that they had learned . It is because of CURIOSITY ..  Actually , The both sides have their own ideas . But I think you should read the book of Population Education why the Catholic Church do not allow the Sex Education here in Philippines and in other nations ..  I do n't want to speak br..

..ackups arrive .  3 . Using Roshan  One way to start 5v5 matches is using roshan . Just stay at Roshan 's lair to make them come . Once they are seen by your wards , you can initiate the fight by picking the best hero to kill first . This is possible because of your vision advantage over them . If you sense that they wo n't come , just kill Roshan and get the aegis which is another advantage in team fights .  4 . Dewarding and Hiding  One of the best way to start clashes is being unseen . This is mostly ef..

..ntal Priority Strategies System for products design initiated by the research institute of the Volvo Car Company in Sweden in 1990 have sought to construct databases to enable LCA calculations . There are numerous problems with getting exact numbers because of reasons such as incomplete accounting , material losses and proprietary nature of data . The Handbook of Industrial Energy Analysis by Ian Bokstead and G. F. Hancock of the Open University in England ( John Wiley , 1979 ) and their database is proba..

..d " my neck -- I was a bit nervous at first since it was a very delicate part ( my life was literally in his hands ! ) but I came out of it safe and relaxed . It 's one of the best ways to spend 15 or so minutes !  To those who avoid having massages because of being ticklish or are uncomfortable with showing skin , fear not as it does n't tickle since bones are the focus , and you only have to take off your shoes .  Chiropractic treatment is just the tip of the iceberg of the services that InterCare offer..

..is father , the late Sen. Benigno " Ninoy " Aquino was the greatest critic and enemy of the late Pres. Ferdinand E. Marcos Sr. Sen. Ninoy was even arrested without a warrant , jailed without a fair trial , exiled and eventually murdered/assassinated because of his disapproval and condemnation of the Marcos Regime .  The whole family of Pres. Noynoy Aquino was placed in unbearable , unimaginable and unspeakable duress by Marcos during Martial Law . Pres. Noynoy should have been the first person to veto thi..

..estern frontier . He went from victory to victory in the North , in the Rhine , in Italy and in the South . In 1648 , five days after the death of the king , the Treaty of Westphalia was signed giving Alsace to France but without Strasbourg . It was because of this war that the misery in France was constant and immense . Saint Vincent de Paul fought against it with all the determination for which he is known .  III . Mazarin  An Italian from a powerful Roman family , officer in the Pope 's army , Mazarin ..

.. are white . The 2% black , 6% Latinos and 2% Asians who also voted for him generally belong to the wealthier classes and are die hard Republicans . These groups vote according to party lines .  The Republican Party is known as the party of the rich because of its support for lower taxes for the wealthy . The party generally attracts doctors , dentists and other high earners . Ironically , it also attracts many poor anti-immigrant white people who feel threatened by newcomers .  With Romney 's unfriendly ..

..t the time of the Agreement as it still is not in control or possession of the said funds up to today . This is legally absurd , Salonga said : to make a claimant , not in control of the funds , the source of the escrow deposit .  July 1996  In part because of the torture of Roger Roxas , $22 billion was awarded to his Golden Budha Corporation .  December 10 , 1997  The Swiss Supreme Court promulgated a landmark decision that took into account the March 1995 Swiss Parliament act and the fact that new crim..

..so realize their dreams here in distant lands . My mother 's dreams for me    How to Become a Seaman in the Philippines -- Requirements , Training , Salary and Jobs Hiring  I know there are many Filipinos who want to be seaman or seafarer or mariner because of great benefits and high salaries . In this page , I discuss how to become a seaman in the Philippines . How much is the salary of seaman , how is the training and where to apply for jobs at companies hiring seamen , seafarers , maritime jobs and sea..

..uty " , without knowing if such duty will really benefit the people in the long way . Obviously , you are a Lao Zi and Kant fanboy -- you think " this is my duty to fight corruption and immorality " without knowing that people are getting hungry and because of such warfare on corruption , you made the people starve because you do n't give them a chance to eat . On the case of hunger , as what your god is doing , is just " do n't care , just continue with anti-corruption " -- a clear sign of " doing by not..

..  Filipino Community in the US , Canada , Europe , Japan  If you are sending balikbayan boxes to the Philippines , this is an important information . There are balikbayan companies who have been blacklisted by the Philippine Shipper 's Bureau -- DTI because of undelivered boxes and other violations . To learn more of the list ( as of Oct 25 , 2012 ) in your respective countries , click here .  TheFilipino.com is currently changing its website to keep up with the times . We are currently redesigning the si..

.. , who stirred up a hornet 's nest of controversy when she said gays should n't be allowed to marry , got the word from pageant poobah Donald Trump on Wednesday : " You 're fired . "  Trump and other pageant leaders said Prejean was being sacked not because of her controversial remarks but because she had n't been holding up her end of the agreement she signed when she entered the pageant .  " This was a decision based solely on contract violations , including Ms. Prejean 's unwillingness to make appearan..

..at , the file browser pops up and you need to browse to the folder where you put the books . Bear in mind that depending on your phone you might not be able to see some folders or even if you see them , you might still not be able to open your books because of security restrictions . So , you might need to experiment a little . It 's highly probably that you might be asked to grant read and write permissions to the app .  The the initial state of the file browser screen  The file browser screen showing yo..

..nts in Cavite , one by one the towns fell .  Historian Zeus Salazar believed that Cavite fell for the simple reason that trenches were designed mainly for a western kind of warfare that the Spaniards knew well . It was also impractical for Filipinos because of the cost , and hard to abandon . It became easy for the Spaniards to surround these trenches and when they did , they were able to use them against the Filipinos themselves . And Evangelista 's trenches were so good that the Americans were also able..

..m , episode 20 " ( translated by dramafever. com )  The last episode reminisce the good times of Kang-chil and Ji-na along with the other casts , it also gives the impression that it maybe the last few days of Kang chil since he is getting more sick because of his cancer . Even before the last episode , i know that it will have a heart tearing ending , Kang Chil will eventually die and Ji-na will just be left with good memories of him but a scene shows Ji-na writing an e-mail relating her day events , the..

..ield day parking excess liquidity in peso assets with little risk of losing on the carry trade ( borrowing in foreign currency to buy peso assets , and betting the peso continues to rise ) . And again , the peso will continue to rise , but this time because of the carry trade . This also results in a guessing game as to when the BSP would reverse course to correct a situation where it simply helps speculators get rich .  It seems then that , correctly , the BSP probably does nothing and then says little a..

..it them comfortably without that awkward sight gap in the toes area .  Perfect fit on the toes !  Oh , and you know that fold mark that happens on your shoes whenever you tip toe or simply bend your feet ? It would n't happen with this pair of Crocs because of its design . It hugs your feet perfectly and adjusts to your movement . How amazing is that ?  Say goodbye to fold marks on the side of your shoe .  One more thing I love about this pair is how Crocs thought about one of the most common problems wit..

..l for other people . Just think of what you 'd feel if a foreigner tells you that because you'er Filipino , then you must like eating dogs ? That 's similar to what Sam Go just did---stereotyping , generalizing , and , eventually judging people just because of what they look like to her . And , also , no , I try not to judge any of FP 's BI personalities . I try to read them with a grain of salt because one can never be too trusting of BIs . But it is just entertaining to read .  Then good for you twe Sep..

..bu City Schools Division Superintendent Rhea Mar Angtud said they are finding ways to solve these with the help of the City Government .  She admitted , however , that there are some public schools in the city that will still implement double shifts because of the lack of classrooms .  Some night high schools will start their classes in the daytime , including Luz , Basak Community and Oprra Night High Schools .  The city schools division superintendent also promised to finish the reproduction of teaching..

..to earth as the Son of God ! Even then , the chosen Jewish race failed to recognize him as the prophesied Messiah , and crucified him .  God had succeeded in giving his very best from heaven itself , only to be ultimately rebuffed by the Jews .  And because of their continued rejection , God allowed the Roman Commander , Titus , to devastate his chosen race , the Jews , in A.D.70 . As the vicious horde of soldiers climbed the rugged hill to the unapproachable walls fortifying Jerusalem , the Jews flung pa..

..using him . God did not use Paul when he was proud of his religious and social heritage . However , God used him when , on the road to Damascus , he humbly asked , " Lord , who are you ? What shall I do ? "  GOD-FEARING HEART  Jesus chose Peter also because of his God-fearing heart . After Peter heeded the advice of Jesus , he and the other fishermen were able to catch two boats full of fish . When Peter saw the fish , he immediately fell on his knees and called out , " Lord , depart from me , for I am a ..

..Johnson that legend has been made of it . While Johnson did not fight Langford again , it is more probable that a fight between two black men for the heavyweight championship of the world would not be looked as such , and if Langford had won , sadly because of the racism of the time , boxing might not have had its great golden age of the ' 20s .  Norman Marcus-Sam Langford might have been " the best of them all " but your fine report shows that Smith was the real deal too . Looks like Robert Duvall    Jus..

..erformed the concert that Sheryl was supposed to be having , but she flies off into the sky with Alto in his Valkyrie , the present that Sheryl promised him . For the first time , Sheryl is beginning to worry about losing to somebody else .  " It 's because of you that I was able to fly . "  The bond between the two seems to break even further when Sheryl 's manager , Grace , discards Sheryl and becomes Ranka 's manager . With Ranka 's rise in popularity and Sheryl 's increasing sickness , imagery of Sher..

..wn the hall wearing his blood soaked apron , reeking of pain and death . He had a rough beard that was hard and jagged against the hand . He had long greasy hair that gave an odd shine off of the dim lights of the hallway ( although that may just be because of how dirty the lights were ) . The hallway was either lit in a dirty piss colored light , or covered in a miasma of darkness .  The only thing pristine there was the butcher 's clever . It was cleaned and polish to a shine , it 's blade carefully man..

..d with which he had caught Nishioka a couple of times earlier in the fight was to become his main weapon of destruction .  As Nishioka upped the tempo of his efforts to recover after failing to win a single round and losing the sixth by a 10-8 score because of the knockdown , Donaire lulled him into making the one mistake that cost him the fight .  Midway in the ninth , Donaire backed off against the ropes and encouraged Nishioka , who threw a couple of punches , to move forward , before unleashing a righ..

..hat , under the new system proposed by the Palace , cheap brands of alcohol and tobacco products will become as expensive as the high-end products . The products will be beyond the reach of the poor .  Let us not fool ourselves into believing that , because of pricey drinks and smoke , the poor will stop smoking and drinking . They are bound to switch to the smuggled ( i.e. discounted priced ) items .  * * *  Based on the computation made by party list Rep. Walden Bello ( Akbayan ) , Chief Justice Renato ..

..nnel V when it was still headed by one of her friends ... sino nga yung pangong yon na may show dati sa studio 23 ... anyway , she definitely made kwento about how she wakes up at 5am everyday kahit till madaling araw pa sya gumimik the night before because of their business , the way the interview went it 's like she 's the one managing it not her father or brother ... anyway hindi    Or heavenly creatures falling from Mt Olympus ... right down to the common man 's lap .  Imagine this Goddess ..... Georg..

..ge against those who assaulted his client could be amended in the coming days when results of the medical exam on Tulfo shall have been released .  Tulfo , a martial arts expert , said he never figured in brawls such as the one he got into on Sunday because of his knowledge in self-defense .  But it appeared that facing several aggressors at the same time rendered his training of little use on that occasion .  In hindsight , the columnist said he should n't have let his guard down when airport authorities..

..he Commissioner may prescribe . ( As amended by Presidential Decree No. 1814 ) .  Sec. 306 . The premium , or any portion thereof , which an insurance agent or insurance broker collects from an insured and which is to be paid to an insurance company because of the assumption of liability through the issuance of policies or contracts of insurance , shall be held by the agent or broker in a fiduciary capacity and shall not be misappropriated or converted to his own use or illegally withheld by the agent or ..

..nder the mandate of the secretary be given to the undersecretary ? It was as if you had two secretaries , " she said .  Santiago believes Puno was able to occupy the office of the undersecretary " with these unique or exceptional or anomalous powers because of severe pressure exerted on President Aquino . "  She said she wanted to know which powerful individual or group secured for Puno that authority usually reserved for secretaries to have the most important function in the Department of the Interior an..

.., Marites Alfante was dismissed from the service for Dishonesty , Grave Misconduct and Falsification of Official Documents in a decision promulgated by the Office of the Mayor , Calapan Mindoro , on 28 November 1995 . This became final and executory because of her failure to file an appeal . Hence , her separation from office , was not a consequence of the reorganization but conviction of an administrative offense . The pertinent portions of said decision read as follows :  x x x  " The findings and concl..

..compare . We can only encourage each other to go on , to keep moving forward , and to never give up hope . Whatever hope that they may hold on to . Our hope is the kind that never fails or puts us to shame ( it 's Jeremy Lin 's brand of hope too ! ) because of God 's love that has been poured out into our hearts through the Holy Spirit given to us through Jesus Christ . This is the hope that the world needs , our perseverance through sufferings , and the joy that we have despite all evidence contrary spea..

.. rarely think of hindrances to travelling , and all the nuances that may stand in one 's way . I was always one to go on a whim . But I guess these are real issues for some people . I fell in love with the teaching profession as a young woman mainly because of the vacation periods . A traveler 's dream . Be sure to check out Princess Shimari 's most recent post ... ABOUT AVOCADOS ! !  MONEY MONEY MONEY ! It 's so funny , how can one travel without this ? Few people can get out of their comfort zone and tr..

..en Lawrence and director Gary Marshall flying all over the world together . ... Being with Liam and Jen was great because we were experiencing something brand-new to all of us . I think Liam had the most experience dealing with a lot of press , just because of him and his engagement to Miley Cyrus , but having really good people experiencing it with you made it a lot easier . "  He 's also glad he 's looking to have a similarly successful year in 2013 . With " The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " due out an..

..Catholic Church teaches and what Catholic institutions of higher learning ought to be as stated in the Apostolic Constitution , Ex corde ecclesiae ....  Going against the grain , going against the tide , going against popularity surveys , was n't it because of a popularity survey that Christ was sent to His death ? the of Santo Tomas has upheld the stand of the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of the Philippines ( CBCP ) condemning the Reproductive Health ( RH ) bill as an anti-poor , social-engineering meas..

