..mabad . And with the situation our airlines are in , I do n't blame him . The next thing you know , his flight gets delayed for 13 hours . Good Luck with the Jalsa then no ?  And I am sorry but Javed Hashmi has had altercations with previous parties because of the fact that their ideology was n't benefiting Pakistan . So unless you are calling M.A.Jinnah a lota for joining the Muslim League , Javed Hashmi is not a lota .  I agree that Imran Khan needs to define his manifesto better but then again , we hav..

..his is nothing more than a publicity stunt for the LBA . I wonder if they realize that most of the publicity is actually going to boosting shezan sales ? They may have lost one court 's canteen but they 've gained hundreds and thousands of customers because of this fiasco .  Id rather ban bigotry than juice . How strange that we are happy to take aid from all over the world , and refuse to drink shezan juice . At least it does nt result in dead people , unlike most secretarian minded political parties .  ..

... ( i.e. Our laws and customs are fixed and constant , it is by this covenant that people are bes-towed with power , might , honour and constancy or subjected to humiliation and abjectness ) . So when the time for the second of the judgements came , because of your acts of tyranny and despotism , We aroused against you others of Our slaves to ravage you , and to enter the temple even as they entered it the first time , and to lay waste all that they conquered with an utter wasting . It may be that your Lo..

..ix . But the fourth-ranked star says he is not impatient waiting to end his major title drought .  " Not at all , " Woods said . " I had to go through that whole process of just getting healthy again . Being banged up and missing major championships because of it was n't a whole lot of fun . I figure if I 'm healthy then I can prepare properly for major championships and I can get myself there . "  Woods , who has a chance to reclaim the World No. 1 ranking this week , has won three times on the US PGA To..

.. Khan , professor of Islamic finance at the Qatar Foundation .  " This issue of market risk and credit risk is tricky ... often leading to increased structure risk of a sukuk , " he said .  Under Basel III , Tier 2 sukuk could be difficult to accept because of concerns relating to the subordination of debt , according to Simon Archer , visiting professor at the University of Reading and consultant to the IFSB 's capital adequacy working group . " There are some grey areas , " he said .  Gulf lenders such ..

..ee ideology . They are not humans even . Pakistani nation can not talk to these snakes . Watch this clip from ARY news where a captured TTP snake was giving details of their crimes . You will throw up , we warn you again . Are they fighting Pakistan because of drones or they have deep rooted hatred for Pakistan and they are agents of Hindu Mushriks and Crusader Zionists    The battle began today in SC  The battle began today in SC . Today we had the hearing in Supreme Court . It is obvious that it is an e..

..of Education ( FDE ) , Rao Zulfiqar Ali , has been suspended for concealing teachers ACRs ( annual confiden-tial reports ) , hampering their time scale promotions in a basic pay scale of 19 , 20 and 21 .  Up to 10 teachers ' promotions were affected because of this error . The formal charge against the officer is being prepared ; however , the inquiry officer could not be appointed on Monday , various sources indicated .  Last month over 1,000 teachers were promoted to different pay scales . However , som..

.. book ' Lets lie together ' did not receive a good response . If Internet or the media is to be blamed for reduced reading of short stories , then it should be applicable reading of poetry or novels as well . As a matter of fact this scenario exists because of lack of reading habits in general .  Irrespective of the fact that whether Razia 's stories are pop stories or are just short stories , this reviewer found them to be interesting because as Dr. Khwaja Muhammad Zakariya stated in his comments that th..

..raw Your goal in this cool bike flash game is to draw your ramp , rev your engine and go go go . Try to jump over aliens , cars , trucks , buses , fly through burning rings and much more . Jump well , or it could be a poor innocent alien who suffers because of your poor drawing skills . Use YOUR MOUSE to point , click and drag to draw a ramp . Moving YOUR MOUSE to the left or right edges of the game scrolls the screen left or right so that you can draw ramps for larger jumps . Good luck !  4Wheel Madness ..

..d , or the home of the Sahabah . Some of these narrations carried statements like " I found this book in Syria , " " Alqamah once brought a book from Makkah ( or Yemen ) " which prove that such difference in identifying the source of these books was because of the uncertainty of the matter , not the narrator . In other words , the carrier of these books did not know the source of these books whose narratives were influenced by the social and geographical factors because Syria was the neighbor of the full-..

..e parties concerned . Some conflicts have not only long history but also extremely complicated like the conflict in Kashmir .  This conflict has an international dimension as it is between two countries who have never been at best of the terms . And because of hostile climate between the two countries solution becomes even more difficult . Now that Indo-Pak relations are improving the Kashmir problem has become more amenable to solution though by no means it is about to be solved . But if the present clim..

..free to marry who they chose , in a country where arranged marriages are common .  " We do support the Kalash -- Islam teaches us respect for other religions -- but there are people here , maybe they are not as educated -- who do n't like the Kalash because of their religion , " Barhatullah said .  Akram Hussain oversees the Kalasha Dur , a cultural center devoted to promoting and protecting the Kalash culture , a stunning structure of elegantly crafted carved wooden beams and stone where Kalash children ..

..ssible for us to have a normal life . We ca n't even plan things like moving in together or having children . Our only option is to move to some other country and live a secret life there , but it 's not exactly realistic either .  I am so depressed because of this . I want to leave him for the sake and peace of my family , but i havent had the strength to do it . Just the thought of being without him is unbearable . I do nt know what to do . I just want to die . I feel so alone , have nobody to talk to a..

..country I start losing hope , but then the sacrifices made for this land revives the spirit of hope deep within me . I console myself with a firm belief that the proud green flag will be fluttering , when I will wake up on the Day of Judgment , just because of those who are dying and who are ready    The Words of A Dying Man ...  " To every mortal soul , death is soon to come . " - It 's that reality that can never be denied rejected or disproved ....  Once you set foot on this Earth , nothing is certain ..

.. Some dreams are of course caused by sleeping in an uncomfortable position , or eating a heavy dinner . But all dreams can not be explained in this way.Some dreams are produced by repressed feelings and desires that can not be fulfilled or expressed because of the social and moral pressures and cheeks.The actual purpose of dream is not definitely understood . It has been a topic of scientific speculation throughout the recorded history . But not yet definite success is found .  Dreams depict both minor an..

..ich says that the accession to Pakistan of the Princely State of Kalat after partition was enforced . From there , the narrative expands into a demand for autonomy and provincial rights and , eventually , spills over into the demand for independence because of the inability of the rulers at the centre to devolve power .  Balochistan remains a tribal society . So , the form of resistance has always been through weapons and bullets whereas similar political or economic resistance in other parts of Pakistan ..

.. trade was a stepping stone in controlling former Soviet Union Influence in Asia .  Fourthly , there was no Border or frontier dispute of China with USA.Above all as in the words of Nixon and Henry Kissinger , China and USSR never were in good terms because of border disputes . The Chinese found a security zone in relationship with USA against Soviet Union . It was a classical case of security reason overriding the ideological factor .  In case of India and Pakistan both have paranoid concern of security ..

..e projects , more offline than online .  At the present time , I 'm developing a huge online project that will fit the people necessities in Venezuela and hopefully , in Lat America ... I ca n't tell you more about it ( for now , until it 's ready ) because of my coworkers .  In fact , I made this post inspired in that project ... I 'm glad to read that you like it  I would add one additional step in the planning process : Evaluate the RIO ( return on investment ) of the project . This analysis is not alw..

..ngs , however , it emerges as Israel 's greatest existential threat .  We can also look at the overall threat each NWS poses by averaging its annihilation threat scores vis--vis other nuclear-armed states . When we do this , we find that Pakistan -- because of its high risk of state failure and its central location relative to other nuclear weapons states -- poses the greatest annihilation threat to other members of the nuclear weapons club . North Korea , by contrast , poses the smallest annihilation thr..

..s equal to that of a parched pye-dog , here 's my advice , you should probably stop ordering pre-printed coloured stationery for the bills as coloured ink costs more than black ink . If you are of the opinion that people will pay their bills on time because of all the pretty colours , you are gravely mistaken ; they will take their own sweet time to go about it . Furthermore you should seriously consider the idea of implementing an electronic billing system which would drastically reduce your carbon footp..

..ling her she follows her heart only to fall flat on her face . She regrets deeply but the realization is little too late . Everything around her has come down crumbling ; her parent 's dignity , their trust , her sister 's dreams . All has shattered because of her impulsive and innocently myopic decisions . Decisions that snow balled into boulders to affect everyone 's life . She understands and learns the hard way ; how one 's dreams , desire and action are integrated in a societal mesh and one wrong dec..

..ophet Sulayman / Solomon ( pbuh ) became anxious to know what had been happening under water . On inquiring , the Ant explained that at the bottom of the lake , was a stone and underneath it lived a blind Ant . Allah ( SWT ) had created it there and because of blindness , it could not move about . The Ant further said that I have been appointed by Allah ( SWT ) to provide its daily sustenance with the assistance of the Tortoise and hence , I do perform this duty everyday .  Let us ponder over one thing . ..

.. , the conquest of Constantinople and the appearnce of the Antichrist will all happen within 7 months . "  " The people will soon summon one another to attack you as people when eating invite others to share their dish . Someone asked : Will that be because of our small numbers at that time ? He replied : No , you will be numerous at that time : but you will be scum and rubbish like that carried down by a torrent , and Allah will take fear of you from the breasts of your enemy and last enervation into you..

.. Gunrunner which ironically was set up to prevent cartels from attaining arms but conversely led to the ATF facilitating arms deals ...  Americans barely suffer except for their drug use ... all the violence remains in Mexico ...  The other issue is because of the amount of funds that cartels possess the police are usually in cohoots with cartels and many work for them and assist in fighting other cartels ...  There are serious human rights violations being committed by both the cartels and the mexican fo..

.. your voice on such a sensitive issue . Pakistani cricketers are not the only one to be blamed as bookies . I wonder what would be the reaction of the world if the any pakistani had claimed this match to be a tie We protest this biasness by ICC just because of their poor investigation we have lost 3 precious gems if they can gamble why not any other can ? belonging to India or any other part of world . its a reality that the most notorious bookies belong to India then why cant it be reviewed that this mat..

..ch IMO could have worked better .  First of all i want to clear one thing , i strongly believe that a real model of Sharia should be implemented in all over the pakistan instead of swat but at the same time i am strong opponent of the taliban-sharia because of many reasons which if you want i could elaborate .  At the same time i also believe that using power is not the solution of this problem because we have an example of Afghanistan in front of us we saw that use of power in Afghanistan did not brought..

.. Off ? We hid over two dozen references to the movie throughout the commercial . Some are obvious , some are VERY subtle See how many you    Grownup Friend Finder was one of the first grownup dating sites , and still remains high on the best-of list because of its numerous interactive features and increasingly big member foundation . You can make new friends , find local singles , satisfy couples and interact in numerous groups .  Whether or not you are new to city and looking for new friendships , or if ..

.. arrived the Pashtuns lived as one nation . In 1893 the British divided the Pashtuns by drawing the Durand Line , which today constitutes the border between Afghanistan and Pakistan .  The strength of Pashtun nationalism has diminished in large part because of the Pashtuns ' relatively strong representation in Pakistan 's central institutions . While the Tribal Areas have been left to stagnate ( and become a haven for violent Islamism ) , the Pashtuns have been particularly active migrants within Pakistan..

..s , some were late in bouncing back . You 'll see similar practices also in ex-Russian countries . Sometimes after independence , it will take 40 years or more for people to see hijab as a norm in Muslim countries . Therefore , I believe , it is not because of different Hanafi interpretations but more on cultural and how religion is viewed in that area .  I am sure you aware my Brother that Religion was massively Suppressed in communist countries , and sure you are aware of Atturk and his policies .  I re..

..ver been with Gadhafi . We are with the people , " Libyan Deputy Ambassador to UN Ibrahim Dabbashi told ABC News . It 's " time for him to be prosecuted . "  Dabbashi said he was n't aware of Gadhafi 's whereabouts and that communication was limited because of the shutdown of Internet and phone service .  Libyan officials appeared to be defecting from the leader who has ruled the country for 40 years . Ali Ojli , Libya 's ambassador to the United States , condemned the violence by security forces in his c..

..600 times there owm weight of aqueous liquid by forming a gel . The liquid is then retained and not released , even under pressure . The absorption rate of the polymers differs according to their mechanism used for preparation . SAP can not dissolve because of their 3-D polymeric network structure . Of the many different types of polymers , only a few can be made into useful fibers . This is because a polymer must meet certain requirements before it can be successfully and efficiently converted into a fib..

..hal and British colonial traditions and modern visuals , all integral components of our culture and existence , were there in his earlier works , but the latest miniatures of Waseem Ahmed appear refined and intriguing .  The show also drew attention because of another reason ; a disagreement between the artist and the gallery over some minor financial matter that later led both the artist and the gallery to hold their own exhibition . This case addresses a basic question -- about art and its ' ownership '..

..r Pakistani Citizen ?  did you people read what his Husband the Closest person to her who know her better than any of you say about her .  alif-laam-meem said : read the profile of 2nd husband of Dr Afia Siddiqui i am not saying that she is criminal because of her husband , what i think is that she needed to have a relatively fairer trial which is only possible in US rather than in Pakistan http : **34;2412;TOOLONG ...  Slides said : I am not accepting or rejecting any version unlike most the sheep postin..

..cation lead them to nowhere which is an irony as these candidates can have " Research Professor " type of appointments in parallel to the " Clinical Professor " of an academic unit . There are some inherent problems in introducing this system mainly because of the individual ' doctoral qualification ' in terms of its breadth/scope , recognition status and the place from where it has been pursued and acquired . World-wide , there is growing interest among the medical faculty to acquire research qualificati..

.. . The segregation should simply be - who 's been to our home , and who 's home have we been to ? The people who were not invited were people who have n't been to my home and we have n't been to their home . In fact , the numbers that it went to was because of our parents ; compromise , compromise , make family happy , make everybody happy . Left to us , Kareena and I would have probably invited 15 of our friends , and left it at that .  In my mind I 'm quite easy ( about those we could n't invite ) . It ..

..r Qutni himself , is not a statement of Rasul Allah ( sa )  If it was not a Hadith then why Imam Dar-e-Qatni has written this so-called quotation as Hadith in his book ?  Here it must be noted that it was a custom/tradition of Ahl-e-Bait that they , because of their own personality and character , did not deem it necessary to mention all the narrators of the tradition till the Holy Prophet ( pbuh ) . This is why there are hundreds of Ahadith published by the Shias that they do not contain the chain of nar..

..which is sufficient to refute the entire case for the " first path . " It shows that nothing was more remote for such an outstanding leader as our Prophet Muhammad than to assume the position of denial with respect to the future of the Call , simply because of a lack of sensitivity to the dangers or to a disinterest in its nature . This record , upon whose line of transmission all fair-minded Muslims - whether Sunni or Shi'i -without exception agree upon , is as follows . With certain men present in the h..

..)  Amina Wadud says , " It is clear that the term huri , used in the ( idhafah ) construction hur-al-'ayn , meant something specific to the Jahili Arabs ( i.e. people living in Arabia prior to Islam ) . She was ' so called by the Arabs of the desert because of her whiteness or fairness or cleanness ' . She was a woman of ' clear complexion and skin ' . 1 The description given of the huri are specific and sensual - youthful virgin females with large dark eyes , white skin , and a pliant character - ' while..

..cience that is wrong , not the Quran or hadeeth . However scientific research that is in accordance with the Quran and hadeeth has helped us a lot to understand some issues in much greater depth .  Below is a scientific research on honey and its not because of this research that we are going to constitute the belief about healing ability of honey . We are just going to use it as a tool to praise and appreciate the sayings of Allah and His prophet about honey , to which we have already established our beli..

..s a strong democratic constitutionalism determined by politics , the law and the legitimate use of force . Yes , action should be taken for contempt but no institution should presume a monopoly over democratic integrity and wisdom .  It is precisely because of the limitations of the law vis--vis democratic problem-solving that the judiciary should be self-critical and humble in its approach . link  The Court 's defenders respond by noting that even as it has challenged civilian politicians , it simultaneo..

..asure will only result in an    During the limb lengthening procedure common complications are : A. Pin track infection , which is prevented by proper pin track care . If this is neglected , pin loosening is inevitable . B. Joint stiffness occurring because of the muscles contra pulling effect during lengthening , which is prevented by regular physiotherapy . C. Deformity of the bone regenerate occurs due to selective muscle pull . This complication needs correction during lengthening . D. Vessel and nerv..

..f dollars and for which there clearly is a market . Indeed , Western demand for spent fuel storage services is quite high . What Russia lacks , however , is the enabling authority needed to receive a good portion of the world 's spent fuel , which , because of its U.S. origin , can not be moved without Washington 's consent .  Future efforts to convert Russian strategic weapons expertise and assets into profitable civilian enterprises will have to rely less on U.S. taxpayer largesse and reflect less optim..

..er going by joining another progressive student group , the Peoples Students Federation ( PSF ) ? the student-wing of the ruling PPP .  His college mates of the time say that Tipu wanted to become a politician and would have made an excellent leader because of his sharp knowledge of the electoral dynamics of both student union and parliamentary elections in Pakistan .  In 1977 he finally got the opportunity to fight a student union election when the PSF chose him to be one of its candidates . By now he ha..

.. a few years ago .  In this episode another interesting part was revealed that Zoya lost her mother because Bashir acted like a loyal servant &; took Saira Kamal to the hospital when she needed whereas his own wife was suffering &; could n't survive because of the delay in the treatment . This is another reason why we see Saira being extra attentive towards Zoya because she feels indebted towards that little child .  Now coming to the funny blunder of this episode . They showed 12 years later &; still Zoy..

..d only ends up leading to misguidance and despair , since no clear conclusions can ever be reached . For example , is God capable of creating an object so heavy that He is incapable of moving it ? If not , does that mean that He is incapable ? It is because of misguided questions like this that Islam clearly teaches that mankind should only say about God what He has said about Himself . This means all of our ideas about God must be based on Revelation - not human speculation . In short , the final prophet..

..ho pray .  Those who are in Khuresan , Iraq , and Syria are sad because it has occupied them .  Because of it ( the faces of ) the people look like a deep-dark night .  The foolish scold both the ignorant and the sane .  The people are in an anguish because of which the pregnant are about to miscarry their babies. 1  The poet wonderfully and exactly described the conditions of the people , for he has mentioned all the discords and the disorders that befell them . Al-'Abbas b. al-Walid , a poet , has descr..

..ained from owing allegiance to the Imam ( a.s ) . Thus many persons , for various reasons , were abstaining from giving him the required support . How could they be expected to rise like one if there was an attack from Muawiyah !  ( 6 ) Al-Madinah , because of it 's religious sanctity was not so much exposed to outside dangers as was Iraq . Muawiyah 's sights were focused on Iraq . He wanted to capture it at any cost . Therefore , it was necessary for the Imam ( a.s ) to stay in al-K ? fah until those dan..

..ry-many contrary processes are at work . Thus , a regard for only one counter-strategy can have paradoxical , unanticipated consequences .  This can be clarified using the example of democratization . If a general , worldwide democratization-which , because of the highly symbolic value of democracy , would also have to be implemented through violence-were the only counter-strategy against the processes of disinhibition of both violence and war , the results would almost certainly be counterproductive . Th..

..ng excuses . The United States could disappear tomorrow and billions of people around the world would remain afraid of Islam . I 'm Polish and in Poland ( central Europe ) people are scared expletive of Islamic extremism , keep pictures of Bin Laden because of their morbid fascination with the face they consider the impersonation of evil . Islam is being demonized . What in the world does Poland have to do with the case of Islam vs . United States ?  If the Madrid attacks prove to be the work of Islamic e..

..lonization . The reason behind is the same , because mitral valve is most commonly involved in rheumatic heart disease . One fourth of the total patients had congenital heart disease . This group could be larger but most of these cases were excluded because of age less than 12 years . In this study 46.7% of patients were found to be culture negative . This finding is consistent with other studies from developing countries . 7,8,11 However , Krcmary 13 and Omezzine-Letaief 16 from developed countries have ..

..tudy confirms that men and women can have different perceptions and therefore a balanced sample of male and female subjects should be included in such perception related studies . 9 The difference between responses of housewives from others could be because of female gender .  Conclusions  The perceptions of community members about common diseases prevalent in their community was similar to the disease pattern maintained at Primary Health Care center in the same locality . Disease with non specific sympto..

..Taliban , " he said . " They were the worst governors in the world . They could n't do anything . They did n't want to do anything . They did n't care . Now all of a sudden you 've got guys out there trying to actually fill a gap that has been there because of the bad performance of the Karzai government . " VOA  Mr. Kaplan in a recent article published in Foreign Policy magazine says " To the extent that one area was the ganglion of this Muslim civilization , it was today 's Pakistan . Fertile Punjab , w..

..olors are extremely good to use to make the figure prominent . It the colours are bright then the    Clothing And Usage Of Stickers  As it is now a trend of the market of stickers that , they are gaining speed in the growth of their demand . This is because of the more interest of the people in this field . If we look around almost in every household item or even in business items stickers are used . So the factor which has spread the market of stickers is the interests of people more inclined towards usi..

.. 's all-metal airframe . The ADA , HAL , and NAL invested considerable time , effort , and resources in its development , and came up with what is arguably one of the finest airframes in the world . The same goes for the Tejas ' aerodynamics which , because of the compound delta-wing , extensive wing-body blending , and low wing loading are superior to those of the Thunder , which has a more conventional layout along the lines of the F-16 and a rejected Soviet light fighter design . As far as flight dynam..

..e a lot of tribulation and corruption , which will result in illegitimacy and a lack of righteousness and chastity .  Some of the Sahaabah were mushriks , then they entered Islam and became good Muslims , and they got married , and were not rejected because of what they had done in the past .  What matters is what a man is adhering to now , so long as he has repented from whatever he has done in the past .  We ask Allaah to make it easy for you to find a righteous husband and have righteous children .  Pr..

..thin the camp , in memoir format ; 3 ) to also address why it is that the world of oil encounters have not produced many literary projects . Lastly , Al-Khobar and Jeddah exist far more accessibly for us on world maps , than does Dhahran , precisely because of Dhahran 's location as a US military installation in a client state . There are hundreds of U.S. military bases around the world . ( I actually am unaware of the exact number , so if anyone can tell me what that number is , I would be grateful : the..

..- via Dubai and Afghan Transit Trade route -- and under-valuation and under-invoicing of Malaysian and Chinese air conditioners have put the local industry under stress .  In the lower-end of the market , the demand for fans has fallen substantially because of extreme load-shedding in Punjab .  The State Bank observed that although the economy has shown some recovery in terms of GDP growth , the key macro indicators still remain weak .  Reader Comments ( 1 )  The wheat crop was a victim of the late winter..

..ld be submitted in writing .  On a petition of Malik Riaz filed by his counsel Zahid Bukhari , the court directed investigation teams and sub-ordinate courts to pursue cases against Malik Riaz and members of his family without getting under pressure because of the ongoing hearing in the Arsalan-Riaz case . The court adjourned the hearing for an indefinite period .  According to NAB sources , the bureau will dissolve the JIT if the apex court decided    The political economy of nativisation  THAT Pakistan ..

..ho held it and entered Medina with Imam 's family .  The banner remained inactive in Medina with Imam Zayn al-Abidin ( 680-713 ) , who remained aloof from the politics . Meanwhile , a storm of grief and anger raged in every heart in the Muslim world because of the tragical event of Karbala . It stirred religious and moral sentiments among the Muslims . For seeking vengeance for the blood of Imam Hussain , numerous movements sprouted out in Kufa . Among them , the movement of Mukhtar Thaqafi ( 622-687 ) ag..

..n Worcestershire , but was later abandoned -- and at the time questions were raised in British Parliament about the environmental impacts on communities up to 10 miles away .  The United States of America had studied the concept of UCG during1970 's because of energy crises . In USA Livermore 's 1970s test site at Hoe Creek , Wyoming , unfortunately resulted in contaminated groundwater , as did one pilot in Carbon County , Wyoming . At Hoe Creek , operation of the burn cavity at pressures higher than that..

.. transgressors and make an open hearted admission of our faults and lapses even after performing an act of worship of the class of Namaz , and to repose all our hopes in Divine Compassion and Mercy . We must not allow pride or vanity to come near us because of our devoutness or worship-fullness for , whatever we may do , we can never hope to acquit ourselves fully of the duty of worshipping God and adoring Him and of rendering to Him what is His due . All that is necessary to know about Namaz has been des..

.. a higher consideration is respect of beauty , character , moral behavior and virtuous . ( It is reported in the Hadees that if a man marries of woman on account of her public status , Allah will bring disgrace for him , and once who marries a woman because of her wealth , Allah will increase his helplessness and dependence , and if a man marries a woman for her being of a higher family stock , his mean ness and worthlessness shall become known very soon . But if a man marries in order to protect himself ..

..o situation pertaining to a conflict of interest exists . All institutions have to perform their duties within their requisite mandate . It is hoped that justice will be served in Dr Arsalan 's case and no preferential treatment will be given to him because of who he may be related to .  ET Very valid points raised in this editorial.But the biggest question is why in the first place cj has kept his eyes closed not once but for so many years on his son 's activities.That 's why quran has stated aulad(child..

..imals of the desert , or thieves and robbers , they were also in utmost security in a manner that people could travel between them without having any provision or any mount . They did not need to travel in groups and use some armed persons with them because of fear due to insecurity of the way , or for the fear of the lack of water and food along their way .  That who conveyed them the sentence : " Travel therein " , there are two probabilities : one of them is that it was conveyed to them by their prophe..

..hough his sins are paramount . "  It has also been related that someone told the Imam ( asws ) , " Many a time it has happened to us that we went on ziarat to the shrine of Imam Hussain ( asws ) , but we could hardly perform ritual bathing ( ghusl ) because of coldness and other reasons . "  The Imam ( asws ) said , " Having performed ghusl in the Euphrates , if one goes on ziarat of Imam Hussain ( asws ) , so many merits are recorded for him that are beyond the scope of figures . "  Bashir al-Dahhan quot..

..Messenger of Allaah ( peace and blessings of Allaah be upon him ) said : ? Whilst a dog was walking around a well , almost dying of thirst , one of the prostitutes of Bani Israa ? eel saw him , took off her shoe and gave him water . She was forgiven because of that. ? ( Ahaadeeth al-Anbiyaa ? , 3208 )  Whoever harms an animal has to repent to Allaah for that , because the Lord of the animals is the One Who has commanded us to be kind towards them ( unless they are harmful ) .  Re : Do animals go to heaven..

..his lifetime but after his departure from this world not much attention was paid to preserving the Ahadith in written form . In addition , there existed an opposition to the task of the recording in written form of Ahadith and many problems surfaced because of such oppositions .  Very serious and undesirable effects came out of not recording in written form of Hadith . Some people went far enough to place the responsibility for this shortcoming on the shoulders of the holy Prophet ( s.a ) himself . Knowin..

..r that which will be a sin upon him/yourselves  " Oh prophetsaww , why do you forbid yourself that which Allaah has made LAWFULL for you in order to please your wives , and Allaah is most ...... "  the sabab of nuzool of this very aayah was revealed because of a jealousy story.JUST LIKE THESE MUSLIM MEN PROMISE FORBID THEMSELVES what is halaal , the prophetsaww also forbade himself what is halaal. wallaahi , TO ANY MAN WHO SAYS TO HIS WIFE THINGS LIKE " i promise to stay away from the huur al ' ayn " , IN..

..n his way and implement his authority and strengthen his back . O Allah inhabit Your cities through him , and give life to your servants due to him for surely You have said and Your word is truth , " Corruption will become rampant in land and on sea because of the evil which men 's hand have earned . " Then O Allah ! Manifest for us Your slave and the son of Your Prophet 's daughter , whose name is the same as that of Your Messenger . So that nothing from falsehood is victorious except that he tears them ..

..se from various causes . For instance , cultures in the Arabic language and English language are different so that some of the words like / amrun bayn al amrayn / in the case of fatalism and freewill are nearly impossible to translate into English , because of the difference in the concept in English literature ; or the meaning of a word like ' prostration ' , in English , is rather different with what / sajdah / exactly means in Arabic .  In such cases , we selected the meaning of the words from among wh..

..d into the Game Reserve . In latter developments the area of the reserve was reduced in 1974 and 1976 to 1662 square kilometers and 1510 km respectively .  WILDLIFE  There is nothing less than wonderful in the reserve . It is basically grassland and because of this animals always remain in sight . There is abundance of wild animals . There are more than 450 species recorded so far which include migrants as well . All members of Big five which include lion , leopard , African elephant , African buffalo and..

..this , have I repaid the rights of my mother ? " To this the Prophet ( s ) replied , " No , you have n't even repaid one of her cries during the time of giving birth . " 243  e . A man came to the Prophet ( s ) and asked , " I have an old mother who because of old age is not able to move . I carry her on my shoulder and put bites of food in her mouth and clean her . Have I repaid her rights ? " To this the Prophet ( s ) replied , " No , because her stomach was your place , and during that entire time , sh..

..rces that the U.S. criticizes Pakistan of , despite the latter having " clear and present " danger within its region .  It is alleged that all wars fought by U.S. , especially recently in Afghanistan and Iraq , that now has spread into Pakistan , is because of the defence contractors ' lobby having a strong voice in the power corridors that benefits in billions from such bloodshed . War-profiteering is not a new blame that the U.S. will get on its sleeves as during the First and Second World Wars , its ba..

..sform global understandings of the historical Jesus .    ON Saturday , a veteran anti-Taliban politician was killed in a suicide bombing in northwest Pakistan , while in Lahore the 77-year-old principal of a respected girls ' school was refused bail because of an alleged blasphemy committed by a teacher in a homework assignment .  The Farooqi Girls School was torched by hundreds of furious demonstrators on Wednesday , most of whom had no idea what they were protesting against . On Friday , prominent women..

..or in case your heater is going to become at the least a brief distance from exactly where you 're going to become operating , then getting a shop heater with an equipped blower might be valuable . In the event you must preserve airflow to a minimum because of paperwork or you just do not need to have the noise of a blower , then a radiator-style heater may well    A lot of people do things to their head of hair to get the design they really want . However , the practices they frequently use usually are n..

..d energy . Strength , determination and excitement are related with it . It increases heart rate , blood pressure and respiration rate in certain environments . Think about a passionate person when the heart rate goes up and the skin flushed reddish because of natural flush of redness especially in cheeks . Red skin is a physical reaction of anger as well so it is also associated with revenge and anger . Healthiness of a person is also reflected by red color in oppose to those who are pale in body tone . ..

..tion regarding CBFC 's ideology and motives in the film industry . This has of course been fueled by vested interests and shortsightedness , " Samson said at the CII Media and Entertainment Summit 2012 here .  " Producers tend to misread our signals because of their own anxiety and of course the history of censorship in this country , and government 's knee-jerk reactions in the past . These prejudices are likely to endure no matter how much we become open and transparent , " she added .  Samson said , wh..

..warded by the Almighty .  Verses ( 11-15 ) Those who spend in the way of Allah with purity of purpose will find that their spending has manifested itself into a radiant light which guides them to paradise . Those who do not spend in the way of Allah because of hypocrisy will be deprived of this light . These people will ask the believers to let them also benefit from its radiance . The believers will reply that they have lost the opportunity to do so by their behaviour in the previous world and they will ..

..eanwhile , Saudi Arabia and its Sunni neighbors -- with China 's help -- are assuming Russia 's role in altering the world 's geopolitics .  Today , Iran 's economy is in shambles . Its oil exports have plummeted by nearly 50 percent since last year because of U.S. and European sanctions , while its annual inflation rate has surpassed 30 percent and its currency has declined by 50 percent against the dollar . And the more desperate the Iranians become , the more aggressively they threaten to block the Str..

..er Mlders , the brilliant ace and tactician was withdrawn from combat for propaganda reasons when he achieved his 100th victory . He was ordered to attend Ernst Udet 's funeral in Berlin and he was killed when the He-111 that transported him crashed because of engine failure . 33 ) The fact that the Japanese lost Asia and Oceania and caused Germany and Italy to lose the war , simply because they attacked the US in order to take the Philippines . The Japanese were afraid of attacking the Soviets , yet they..

.. , urged ( them ) to take up the struggle ( jihad ) and prepared for battle .  Then with his children and the people of his house ( ahl baytihi ) , he set out from the sanctury of God ( Mecca ) and the sanctury of his Apostle ( Medina ) towards Iraq because of the help that was sought from him by the members of his Shia who had urged him ( to come ) against the enemies . His paternal cousin , Muslim b . Aqil , may God be pleased with him , had preceded him and had satisfied him of the ( sincerity of their..

..du untouchable , " I solemnly assure you that I will not die a Hindu " . This was rightly described as " a thunderbolt " , for it rocked political parties and social institutions in India . It was not simply a question of Ambedkar 's personal choice because of spiritual or religious reasons . He exhorted his followers to change their religion en masse : " you have nothing to lose except your chains and everything to gain by changing your religion " . This made it a political question . The leading figures..

..ed to the truth . JazakaAllahu khairan  Interesting Sharing Loved it well Actually The More Interesting Thing to notice is that How Hypocrites are the Follower of this cult that They inside knew they are using bad means still they are just following because of the Ego and Blindness of Heart .... ! !  Yes . Great work and thank you for helping regular non ahmadi ahmadis like myself.without people like you many of us would still be trapped in the mindset of a cultee . Thank you and may Allah reward you endl..

.. married his daughter Umm Iyas to al-Harith ibn ' Amr al-Kindi , she was made ready to be taken to the groom , then her mother , Umamah came into her , to advise her and said :  ' O my daughter , if it were deemed unnecessary to give you this advice because of good manners and noble descent , then it would have been unnecessary for you , because you posses these qualities , but it will serve as a reminder to those who are forgetful , and will help those who are wise . ' O my daughter , if a woman were abl..

.. to Allah will accept his excuse . So by reading this we should refrain from becoming anger . Because anger destroys one faith . The person in anger forgets where he is and says anything which he regrets after . Back  Today people are becoming angry because of the lifestyle and the society we live in . When a person is under stress he or she tends to become angry because the jobs not done or their children donut listen to them . There become angry and the anger is taken out on the child . When a person be..

..as visibly increased manifold . The desire to migrate to an urban area is second only to the desire to get children educated . In all the areas visited , many families had members working in Karachi . Previously , people were scared to go to Karachi because of the violence in the city . But now they have friends and relatives over there and protection as well . This partly explains the rapidly increasing numbers of Sindhi speakers in the city . In addition , it was constantly stated that those haris who h..

.. parts of Pakistan currently . I hope that it will change as people go through this process more often and not after every decade or so .  Nice thought process , but if you see history of Pakistan , people who are in power or get in power are mostly because of influence of religious people like for example so maulana from big institution backs so party , or the other .  Also the other reason for this not happening is democracy in Pakistan is not a true and powerful one . any army general can come take con..

..o be given . Similarly , as a recommended precaution , one should give a qadha if the mouthwash was for a wudhu for Mustahab prayers , and the water went down the throat . But if he forgets that he has kept a fast , or if he does the mouthwash , not because of thirst , but for a wudhu for an obligatory prayers and water is uncontrollably swallowed , there will be no qadha .  ( x ) If a person breaks his fast due to duress , helplessness or taqayyah , he will observe qadha of the fast , but it is not oblig..

.. support . If the military had ' grassroot ' support , dictators from Ayub to Musharraf would n't have been removed through people movements .  Which leads me Mr. Zafar 's comment which is the same tired argument about justifying military takeeovers because of civilian corruption . There are many types of ' corruption ' including leading countries to war , coddling terrorist groups and buying civilian elections which have done more damage to the country compared to corrupt politicians .  Military Takeover..

..dy foreseen that the defeat of the Assad regime would not be like that of the leaders in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya because Syria is located on fragile regional and international fault lines , " said andar . And so Turkey supported the opposition not because of its miscalculation but in order not to repeat the same mistake it made in Iraq , and according to the columnist it had good reason to take this step . In sum , Turkey 's Syrian policy can and moreover should be criticized , but while criticizing one..

..a . The most famous explanation is the one used above . There is no difficulty in explaining ' Ta'reed ' ( an obscure hint ) too , a person does hint to one with whom one has a strong relationship . If Sayyidina ' Uthmaan Radiyallahu ' Anhu did this because of a strong urge , then there is no harm , also who knows when one will die . It is possible that Sayyidina Rasulullah Sallallahu ' Alayhi Wasallam wanted to mildly bring it to his notice , but not scold him . It may not be surprising that the reason f..

.. support ; government improved the terms of agricultural trade ; and tubewe were installed as a viable investment . That decade witnessed a green revolution in Pakistan , and crc production accelerated during the first part of the decade , primarily because of the increased use of inputs .  Pakistan 's agriculture has made a long and difficult journey . Its performance is marked by a mixed trend . There have been some years of dismal growth and some years of cruising growth . Since 1980 , agricultural GDP..

..es . In the big wide world , married men rape , some of them rape little children . Some of them are ministers , politicians , scientists , policemen , artistes and journalists . This holds true among Muslims , Buddhists and , most of all , Hindus , because of the sheer large numbers , as several TV programmes have shown . Some may have forgotten that the Weekly and Blitz , now defunct , did cover stories on the late Sathya Sai Baba of Puttaparthi , accusing him of homosexuality . It is besides the point ..

..ple and safe tips to give your nails healthy and growing look and    There are a lot of women suffering from weight issues . Most of them are not satisfied with the way they look around the abdomen . Most of the women seem to have a pear shaped body because of that excessive fat around the middle of their body . They go on crash diets and stop eating excessive fatty acids , yet they seem to keep that amount of fat in their bodies .  In some of the cases , even excessive exercises do n't work on reducing t..

..est . A good example here is in how hot erotica writing is . If you were to offer an erotica story for free for say , a week , you will gain traffic unbelievable . Many online businesses take advantage of this , and of course many grow substantially because of it . It simply has to be what the people want . Surely any business owner is aware of how powerful ' word-of-mouth ' truly is . It can make you or break you .  The last way of gaining backlinks that this literature would like to touch upon is in lin..

..inion as to whether the caliph 's action was justified or not . He had simply described the nature of the plea on which action was taken in the first instance and the reason why it did not face any adverse reactions of the Muslims .  Anyhow , it was because of the influence and personality of the caliph and the people 's bias towards following his actions and policies that the law of fixed-time marriage fell into oblivion , and an Islamic tradition , which was complementary to permanent marriage , and who..

..  In September , India s foreign intelligence agency intercepted telephone conversations apparently coming out of Pakistan that discussed possible attacks against Mumbai hotels , according to a government official who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive matter .  India will almost certainly not disclose details of its espionage work to Pakistan , the programs main target .  While Indian investigators have raised possible links between the militants and Pakistan s spy service , Mukherj..

..s to Jand . In the last decade of the 10th century , the Seljuq family embraced Islam , and then turned to raiding against the pagan Turks . Some Russian scholars have expressed an opinion that the Seljuq family accepted Islam through Christianity , because of the Biblical names of his sons , Mikail , Musa and Israil . Over the next decades , Musa , Mikail and Arslan Israil , the three sons of Seljuq moved southwards for pasture for their herbs . Soon afterwards , Mikail 's two sons , Chaghri Beg and Tugh..

..ial venture come what may , in determined defiance of international law and no matter what the organised international community said or wanted . Put another way , some if not all of those responsible for framing 242 were resigned to the fact that , because of the history of the Jews and the Nazi holocaust , Israel was not and never would or could be a normal state . As a consequence , there was no point in seeking to oblige it to behave like a normal state - i.e. in accordance with international law and ..

.. not sure if it speeds labor . Women typically labor the longest with the first , so do n't expect a 20 minute labor - wait till your fourth , when they practically fall out on the way to the hospital , LOL . I would avoid homeopathic medicines just because of unknown complications . Just walk as much as possible and stay active .  umm actually if this is your first , trust me , you DO NT want a fast labour .  You should try and walk alot , that really helps . Even when I was in labor , they had me walkin..

