.. independant of the sounds .  Barbara Gordon : There are some odd bits of compartmentalization , cognates are opaque to me , I have to look them up in dictionaries ; they do n't feel right . This is more true in Russian than French . I think this is because of the alphabetic difference .  Ah , fun mispronunciations . We get some of those internally to . au , particularly when people from the East coast are talking about suburbs and towns on the West coast . Why ? Well , it all has to do with place names ,..

.. fight for what he wants .  popular kid in class . He 's like that football star that heads off to college and realizes that the girls do n't really like his oafishness anymore .  Mitt Romney has never had to work for popularity . He 's had a leg up because of his daddy and if that did n't work a whole lot of cash . Now he finds himself in a world where people do n't care about either of those , at least not enough people to get him where he wants .  I personally ca n't wait to hear his concession speech ..

..ality games , but they 're always just time killers . They 're games that you play when you 're finished early in class , or you 're on the toilet for a short time , or in the waiting room at the doctors office . WP7 probably has the best experience because of its quality and connection to xbox live , but I never find myself spending more than 10 mins max on a game . Nintendo games have put me away for hours though , especially games like Mario &; Luigi Partners in Time . I can guarantee I will be playing..

.. some tough plays and his teammates have seen it as well . "  They certainly will be hoping to see that type of bounce    The Minnesota Vikings almost certainly will be without playmaking wide receiver Percy Harvin for Sunday 's game against Detroit because of a badly sprained ankle . Christian Ponder is struggling , any confidence he seemed to possess has disappeared and the passing game is in shambles . The run defense has n't been much better of late .  The team 's 4-1 start , which included an upset v..

..d before the midterms -- or if one excludes years , like 1974 and 2002 , that may have been affected by one-off contingencies ( Watergate and the Sept. 11 attacks , respectively ) .  One should be careful about reading too much into this , however , because of the potential for overfitting the statistical model . ( That is , including too many independent variables given a relatively small sample size , potentially picking up on spurious relationships . )  In addition , there may be relationships between ..

..er of years after our divorce at the ripe old age of 38 ... yes I said 38 ... so sad because he died the way he left the marriage ... living like hell . You live hard and die hard ... so I have recently found love again and it has been hard to trust because of the past hurts but I am trying . I have been divorce 11 years now and had given up on meeting a decent fellow ( really difficult these days ) and he came walking into my life . Men like him are usually never single , I lucked out ; blessed really . ..

.. Kruea. " particularly when it comes to pointing them at airplanes . "  In July alone , Myrtle Beach International Airport reported 24 laser incidents involving aircraft in Horry County . Two recent Coast Guard missions in our area have been stopped because of laser hits .  Currently , the cities of Myrtle Beach and North Myrtle Beach both have regulations on how old you have to be to purchase the lasers and how you can use them .  Director of Airports , Mike La Pier , says the ordinances that are in plac..

..ng that he did n't consider himself Dean 's brother anymore , and was hurt and surprised when John forced him to choose college or family ; similarly he does n't see a rejection of hunting as a rejection of Dean per se , though Dean sees it that way because of his own issues . I think Sam believes that he and Dean can still be brothers even if they do n't live and work together 24/7 , that they do n't need to spend every minute of every day together in order to be close because they 've already establishe..

..e mention that practically of them were ghosts that were thought dead ... I do n't think many of them had families aside from Hinoki eh .  In the end I mean , it 's just dependent on who you are I suppose . My views are different regarding this just because of who I am ... so I guess we 're probably going to have to agree to disagree on this , XD .  The one thing we can probably agree on though is how darn great the series is to both include such potential moral dilemmas to begin with and implementing it ..

..ally into super sexy halloween costumes , but if other women want to , then go ahead ! Because I am in college , there are many of my friends that feel the pressure to dress sexy to conform , and I do not support that , but if it 's their choice not because of feeling insecure of shamed , then by all means make your own choices .  This is why I love reading your blog . You post thought provoking topics and link to articles , presenting both sides of the debate . There is always substance behind what you p..

..is a docudrama based on an interpretation and depiction of actual events . "  GLEASON &; COAGULA  Gleason opened the gallery last spring with a show by Los Angeles artist Tim Youd . He told KPCC 's blogdowntown at the time that he chose Youd 's work because of its provocative nature .  " I wanted people to come in and have a memorable experience not just visually ... I wanted them to have an emotional response to things . "  Gleason , expelled from college 20 years ago for running an underground newspaper..

..n lighter conditions than the video , which was taken in darkness with focused light .  One thing is for certain after watching the video , you can clearly see that the Ambassadors body is not in rigor as was suggested , he is still alive . This was because of the right arm being bent , but if you closely after the get him out his arms are straight by his side , but later on the video his right arm is seen bent .  Rigor usually takes several hours to set in . The Ambassador was dead . It appears that the ..

..n May 22  I did n't comment in the original thread . I 'm still lurking moar and I did n't feel like I had anything to add . It 's complicated how something like this , where a total stranger ( whose name I did n't even know ) can affect me , mostly because of how it affected y'all , especially that part of y'all that I 've actually met .  I 'm happy to hear the man is n't dead , I 'm not very confident that anything else he had to say was n't also fabricated . Maybe something was going to unravel so he p..

.. . Like myself , you are not a small guy either , but you seem to throw your bike around like it is much smaller than it actually is . Is this due to your skill at trials or also coupled with practice and ability ? A lot of the skills came naturally because of trials , I have had to adapt to a heavier bike and less grip , and technique makes it easier , but physically its more demanding so strength is needed . I have put on 6.5 kilogrammes since riding enduro .  I saw several pictures of your 2012 TE300 o..

..So    Jeffress told Janet Mefferd , who has also criticized Romney over his faith , that it is still better to vote for Romney , even though he is a member of a " cult " and " false religion " that believes in a " multiplicity of gods , " than Obama because of his stances on marriage equality and abortion rights . The pastor said defeating Obama is even worth potentially giving Mormon missionaries a tool to bolster " legitimacy of their faith " and make more converts .  I still think there are concerns ou..

..ould have abolished income taxes in favour of energy taxes and forced investment in these solutions . Prices of energy ( oil and substitutes ) might indeed have remained constant over time .  But we did n't . And that is why we are here . We did n't because of the great 20th century divide between Marxism and capitalism ( driven by neo-classical economics ) and its very deep aversion to intervention from government of any kind . To this day , neo-classical economists abhor government intervention . This i..

..o overall those are all sums that should n't really bother us much , do n't you think ? Check out some more very interesting facts in the charts below .  It 's between 6-24 cents depending on the state and basically the price is lower in some states because of excess capacity ( Washington state idles wind farms for instance ) .  BTW , this article made me want to buy an iPhone over a GS3 so I could take advantage of all that savings . I mean WOW ! $0.12 ! That 's more than 3% of a cup of coffee ! With tho..

.. may open their eyes .  The corruption and complete misuse of power by those in the legal system is destroying our nation one family at a time . My thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Filler and with other men who endure separation from their children because of injustice on the part of a once great and fair court system that recognized justice for all and did n't reward crazy women and megalomaniacs .  BANGOR , Maine -- Oral arguments before the Maine Supreme Judicial Court in a domestic violence case out ..

..me to time . I ca n't say this one made me much less so , but then something happened ... I believe it was something almost like reader contentment !  Before I go much further , yes , there will be spoilers , and sorry , but it 's a little necessary because of the way the series is done , each book interwoven , basically . Also because I still ca n't wrap my head around the logistics of the Fitzhugh family , but all in good time .  I have to admit up front that I was n't expecting to like this one much be..

..hereas 65% of the large market did so . It is difficult to speculate as to why market practice was so different on this issue -- it may be that the sensitivity at the board-level regarding satisfying fiduciary duties is greater on large market deals because of a perception that the larger deals attract more attention and therefore have a higher likelihood of shareholder litigation ( although research has shown that middle market deals are subject to the same frequency of shareholder litigation as large ma..

..raight-line path to space , which is the ' sink ' ( as opposed to ' source ' which is the surface of earth ) . Obviously , this does not ' warm ' the surface , but rather changes the rate at which it will cool .  I 'm tired of watching the suffering because of this asinine subject . I 'm tired of watching the devotion of great minds and energy devoted to such madness . I 'm tired of watching people ride the fence . But most of all , I 'm tired of seeing people attack people that would help end this insani..

..ation . California , our biggest blue state shockingly consumes 1/3 of that . One day you are going to have to acknowledge that .  Anonymous  His point is not that he does n't care about the poor but that the poor wo n't give him a chance regardless because of the successful class warfare campaign Obama has run . You do n't think Obama sits in an office saying things like " Well I do n't have to pander to African Americans because they will vote for me regardless so lets focus on such and such " ?  Gregor..

..he debate asks the question .  Question 3 : Would you ask the candidates their pizza preference ?  Oversharing on Social Networks  Back in March , Pew shared survey results that stated 18 percent of Americans have blocked someone on a social network because of political posts . With the campaign hitting the home stretch and the intensity ramping up from all sides , I have to think that number would be higher now .  Question 4 : Have you been blocking or hiding friends from your news feed ? How many posts ..

..that their dear Saint Ronnie did just that after the terrorist bombing in Lebanon on October 23 , 1983 , which killed 299 U. S. and French servicemen . Reagan responded by immediately pulling all American troops from Lebanon--and invading Grenada .  because of this little boy . The other part that means so much is hearing Obama talk about what he 's done in office and saying I did n't do that , you did that . It means so much to me for him to acknowledge the hard work of so many of us in getting him elect..

..domy , Truth See no lies on my part , but it appears that it is difficult for after strange flesh , are set forth for an example , suffering the vengeance of eternal fire .  So if I 'm to read what you all are saying correctly -- God 's wrath is n't because of the wars we fight ( Jesus never mentioned wars being just , good or righteous ) , the massive destruction caused during the dropping of Little Boy and Fat Man , the Holocaust , the genocides in North America , Africa , Croatia , the violence in Mexi..

..n't gon na be by 192 votes . Imagine the headline : President loses millions of votes , but lazy electorate keeps him anyway !  bagoh : As a CA voter I 'm not pleased about the EV making my vote almost valueless ...  Not valueless ( 55 ? ! ) and not because of the EC or the small states , but because by about on hour before your polls close Dan Rather has already called Florida for Gore or Brit Hume Ohio for Bush , or whatever .  All the small states do is offset the 2 EVs you get for your Senators , that..

..mode . Plus over 20 new weapons and items . It 's a full sequel .  That 's what 's really getting to me about RPS comment threads lately . People are actively discouraging other people from , as you say , ' advocating on behalf ' of themselves , all because of some BS rationale of capitalistic greed taken as THE natural order of things , or because it makes you angry , or because it 's uncool or entitled or whatever . The funny thing is , in doing the whole ' dog eats dog ' act , they are actually willing..

..ood and wine reference works . Dictionaries are shelved together ( including foreign language dictionaries ) . Other nonfiction is grouped vaguely by topic . Nothing is alphabetized .  Fiction is by size ( pocket paperback , or otherwise ) . This is because of the sizes of our various bookcases . Once sorted by size , they are grouped in rough order of acquisition . Books by the same author are grouped together ( if we have some pocket paperback and some larger-format books by the same author , they are s..

.. to places where journalists can no longer operate such as the Central African Republic and North Korea I think it 's worth going the extra mile and trying something completely different . While being fully aware of the moral hazards of doing that , because of course there are .  Surely there are ways to report on these places and still adhere to the rules of journalism .  Marshall McLuhan spoke at length about how in a world where people consume as much information as they do , people become very aware o..

..ss conventional wisdom that I often heard from political professionals was simply , " Latinos do n't vote . " But uncritical adherence to this conventional wisdom often results in a self-fulfilling prophecy : young Latinos are ignored in local races because of their prior voting record , which ensures similarly low turnout in future elections . In 2011 , as an inexperienced campaign manager for a young , Latino city council candidate on the south side of San Antonio -- a heavily Latino area -- I faced thi..

..re few very stable GLB families in the Knowledge Networks panel , to contract with a pro-gay research organization to collect data from at least 30 , preferably 100 or more , stable same-sex families , to permit a more valid ( although still limited because of possible selection effects ) comparison with similarly stable heterosexual families .  Second , I think Regnerus should have reported a type of bracketing of his results -- worst case , best case , and modal case -- in his first article . However , ..

..ecks that were not there when I went to bed . Can someone advise me what to do ? I am at my wits end .  We just visited a bed and breakfast in Vermont and got bed bugs . We tented our home and it was $2,810 for our almost 4,100 sq ft house ( that is because of an overhang and garage ) . They actually gave us a 1 year warranty for the bed bugs and a 2 year warranty on termites . I would not go with Orkin or Terminix . They were way overpriced , wanted us to go on a contract for a year and additional monthl..

..anks do n't have the volume or desire to maintain that kind of staff when they can service dozens of other nationalities with one private banker and regular consultations with outside specialist counsel familiar with the client 's domicile .  Also , because of the US disclosure requirements there are far fewer advantages for Americans to be offshore than for many other nationalities ... other than satisfying paranoia , of course .  Tim it seems that you are my long lost brother . I decided years ago that ..

..llo , NBC Latino  Next week may be Black Friday but sweets lovers across the nation hung their heads in sorrow on a dark Friday yesterday as Hostess announced they would cease making their line of products , which include the iconic Twinkies brand , because of the Bakers Union Strike .  According to the Christian Science Monitor , while food producers ConAgra and Flowers Food , the American company behind Nature Valley granola , have expressed interest along with Little Debbie baker McKee Foods , Mexico '..

..long with new computers . But , by large , most businesses have just now or are in the process of updating to Windows 7 . Those businesses will probably not be looking at another upgrade for the next 5 to 10 years . So they will skip Windows 8 . Not because of the " Win8ate sucks ! " argument , but because there will be another version of Windows to look at updating to when they are ready . And Windows 8 tablets are poised to infiltrate the enterprise very easily because they can be controlled by Active D..

.. instead of expecting me to hide away my maleness and embrace my " femininity " ( which i truly dislike , when i wear dresses i feel like i 'm in drag . pretty drag , and drag that gets me lots of tips when i deliver pizzas , but drag nonetheless )  because of her i 've been able to go out as Jude ( what i call my male self , my mom actually came up with it ) and pass . it was a great day . and i look forward to more .  i think it 's more about finding an open minded girl , than what they 're attracted to..

..re " real " ... but then , advertisers came along and seemingly overnight turned real into " perceived real " . Money tends to turn what is real into what is seen through rose colored glasses . And it ANNOYS me . I 've cut back majorly on many blogs because of this . I see people killing themselves trying to live these perfect lives ... or , being paid to pretend they do , and I get pissed to be honest . I do n't document in a beautifully designed layout or scrapbook my life every single day . But people ..

.. recall the words to many a fine tune .. by the Zeppelin    The Ability to Need  This story relates to what today is called ' Obamacare ' long before it ever got the first vote in congress or a review in the US Supreme Court . It is republished here because of a post I found on the Gather main , link follows :  Without taking any side ... but with the honest intention of injecting some humor into the subject , I offer this short story .  * * *  The Ability To Need  How did I get here ?  I could offer a fe..

..al penalty for the actual exploitation suffered by Bullard .  IANAL , but I think there 's a limit on what a Georgia court can do regarding damages for the actual videotaping , since the incident occurred in Florida . It seems the case is in Georgia because of the ongoing use of the images and GGW is based in Atlanta ( or at least ubersleaze Joe Francis lives here ) .  I 'd think continuing possession and dissemination of the video would warrant some kind of child porn charges , I ca n't figure out why no..

..ber 1 in a tri-match at Eastern Nazarene that includes matches   and I 'm paraphrasing of remarks and other -- very very high compliment  Giants quarterback Eli Manning giants had an opportunity to . Take advantage of a situation Pittsburgh with him because of hurricane sand and canceled the New York marathon over the weekend did not cancel this game because that Pittsburgh -- day game and I thought there 's actually no shop it 's berg . Forget winning would cover the four and a half whatever it up going ..

.. a theocracy . "  Ellen Goodman , with the Boston Globe , says people like her " do n't want their country racked by the fundamentalist religious wars we see across the world . " ( William Donohue )  Author Barbara Ehrenreich , said we are polarized because of " Christian fundamentalism . "  Cynthia Tucker , editorialist at the Atlanta Journal-Constitution , blames " black churchgoers " for using the Bible " as a bludgeon " against gays , saying " homophobia " now " oozes across lines of color " .  Cathol..

..dependent    ' the development of science ' - IELTS TASK2- TECHNOLOGY  Some people think technology is better for improving the environment than living simpler life . Do you agree or disagree ?  Nowadays , the quantity of innovation is rise and rise because of scientists effort . While some people consider technology ought to make peoples life simpler rather than to protect and improve the environment , I suppose that technology plays a dominant role in the field of environmental friendly .  It is no doub..

..ave among the world 's highest levels of PCBs and other contaminants . As a result , the Inuit are among the highest exposed people on Earth .  Public health officials in Nunavik last year advised pregnant women to reduce their consumption of beluga because of the chemicals ' potential health effects on their children .  Lead in the environment is decreasing , while mercury levels are increasing in many places . Lanphear , Muckle and Webster agreed that the study is evidence that there should be local as ..

..hat my female colleagues get challenged by students more often and have to deal with more behavioral problems . While there are certainly individuals for whom that is n't the case , the pattern is clear so I 'm comfortable saying I 'm privileged not because of any exceptional abilities on my part , but due to my identity .  That points to a problem with the underlying logic of looking at individuals as evidence for or against privilege , because privilege is n't about individuals , it is about groups . Ma..

..hings , we have a clear sense of who he really is . He 's a ruthless , greedy , out-of-touch plutocrat who has no business    APD Officers Resign After Announcement- No Sex On The Job !  Whether due to extremes in temperatures in Alaska , or perhaps because of the proximity between wild animals and humans , the Anchorage Police Department has had a firm policy that anytime sex occurs while on-the-job , in or out of uniform , must be consensual . The Chief of Police in Anchorage has a taken a firm stance o..

.. child and I have a very clear understanding of the power play that goes on . Being that I hold a personal value on life that values both those children born and those unborn , I 'd like to think that if I faced such a situation ( rape and pregnancy because of it ) I would choose to bring the child to term . Because I would be less myself if I chose to end that life -- but I ca n't say what I would do for certain . What I do know is I do not want the country or state telling me what my choice must be . Ma..

.. idea , but one result of paying above-market wages is that those in charge of hiring often demand bribes -- sometimes a month 's salary -- in exchange for a job . In addition , these standards add to production costs , so some factories have closed because of the global economic crisis and the difficulty of competing internationally .  The best way to help people in the poorest countries is n't to campaign against sweatshops but to promote manufacturing there .  . . . .  Look , I know that Americans have..

..ords . It 's better ( if you accept your brother 's advice ) to share your thoughts and minds in a way not to insult others , even if they seem to be of less intelligence than yours . I admit that you expressed your opinions perceptively and this is because of your high IQ . But unfortunately your tongue is a little stingy !  Well , sorry if I bothered you ; it was just for what you said about an Iranian-American 's comment about being proud of what Mrs. Ansari has done : Yes ! Her performance is honorabl..

.., juicer . Onwards of the hotel of 2000 , there were 166,179 plantings    Tuesday , September 22 , 2009 3:45 PM  Former Staffer : ' Not Because Of The Tickets '  By Beth Sussman  Though she pleaded guilty earlier this year to taking official actions because of tickets and meals given to her by lobbyists , a former Senate staffer said today in testimony that her actions would have been the same with or without the gifts . Ann Copland , a legislative aide to Sen. Thad Cochran , R-Miss. , for nearly 30 years..

..ng other things , these studies found :  * Those who counsel victims of sexual assaults on campus ( and many of the victims themselves ) feel disconnected from the campus judicial systems designed to adjudicate these cases on many campuses , in part because of a tendency of those offices to view the process as oeducational , not judicial . * Student affairs officials have a less than complete understanding of the Clery Act , the primary law governing reporting of campus crime . * A small subset of male st..

..thusiasm for it . It 's just an abjectly mortifying embarrassment that we , the leader of the world in economic freedom and growth for centuries , thanks to our founders , now have a President who is deliberately shoving us down to third world level because of his indoctrination    The government spent at least $205,075 in 2010 to " translocate " a single bush in San Francisco that stood in the path of a $1.045-billion highway-renovation project that was partially funded by the economic stimulus legislati..

..t called Cordero , which is a Peasquito look-alike deposit . With all the market volatility going on , the company has stopped drilling recently , but this is going to be another huge operation . Newmont owns about 11% of Levon . I really like Levon because of the silver exposure and the fact that it is one of the largest undeveloped silver projects in the world . There are not that many companies with good , undeveloped silver deposits in the world , and Levon is one of them .  TGR : Levon has been aroun..

..ty air with useless and uninteresting details ; effectively hiding the real story . The story they wanted to get out .  I Ca n't Stop Talking  This verbal Niagara is a dead giveaway of someone not properly prepared by taking media training . Usually because of their own hubris and egos , " I 'm too busy . I do n't have the time . Besides , I know how to talk . "  This has very real and painful consequences for them and their company . The reporter now has to sift through a lot of flotsam to find anything ..

..gressive placement for the 17 year old . Ramirez has good potential in his bat , excellent speed and has the defense to stick at center field , although his arm is somewhat questionable . Ramirez missed the start of the season with a leg problem and because of that lost his chance to claim CF and was instead relegated to playing the corners . As a 17 year old making his pro debut and adjusting to a new country he held his own . His season was n't great by any stretch but it was a rather decent showing con..

..xandria , VA ! This year 's walk theme was FACES OF HOPE , and participants had the opportunity to listen to the reflections delivered from our two amazing childhood cancer survivors , Lauren Chelenza and Noah Grove . THANK YOU to our contributors , because of you we met our $20,000 goal and will be able to financially support Georgetown University Hospital 's Childlife program ! ! ! ! Together we are making a difference .  Mattie Passed Away  With heavy hearts , Peter and I said goodbye to our precious M..

..e for POTUS that is proposing and promising to implement such a scheme .  The more I watch this ... the more I 'm coming to the attitude where there is no difference between McCain and Obama where economic conservatism is concerned .  He has my vote because of Judges and social issues ... but aside from that I 'm voting for the Republican for on reason only ... " JUST PALIN "  aceintx  As of the time of my writing Obama had the more conservative position ... though it was indeed socialist in nature ...  g..

.. crappiest of junk science to put forth not only this but a whole host of junk theories ( Google her name . It 's enlightening . Not in an intellectual way but in a WTF ? way ) is an indictment of American University systems that pump out these PhDs because of lowered academic standards in the past 20 years .  The University of Texas at San Antonio College of Business , Department of Marketing should be tarred and feathered and run out of town for academic deficiency bordering on educational malpractice ...

.. . This was in elementary school and we did n't get that people thought of us as " different " , so we thought the guy was an idiot . Like M , we just rolled our eyes and walked away .  About the not celebrating Halloween , I also suspect that it is because of religion . We had Korean neighbors at our old house , and their 7-year old daughter told us we were going to hell for celebrating Halloween . They went to a non-Halloween event at church the night of the 31st , probably to pray for us heathens .  Th..

..world-class nutritional formulator . Learn more about the health benefits of whole-food nutrition .  #15 . Get great accountability and support from other members . I 've heard Weight Watchers members say the reason they love that program so much is because of the phenomenal team support they receive at weigh-ins . You 'll get the same type of support from your team members and coaches in Isagenix , and if you contact me to enroll today , I 'll coach you through you first 11 days at no extra cost !  There..

..well 's Rosie the Riveter , and Thomas Eakins ' Professor Benjamin Howard Rand , the other artworks in the permanent collection were equally impressive .  Thomas Cole 's " The Savage State "  I had made a point to visit between May 5 and September 3 because of the special exhibit organized by the New York Historical Society , The Hudson River School : Nature and the American Vision . I knew that several paintings by one of my favorite artists , Thomas Cole , would be there , but I never dreamed that I wou..

..de tablet called K-Dur . In 1995 , Upsher-Smith , a generic-drug manufacturer , sought approval from the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) to market a generic version of the tablet , claiming that its product would not infringe Schering 's patent because of differences in the coating 's chemical composition . A second generics manufacturer , ESI Lederle , made a similar filing with the FDA later that year . In response , Schering filed infringement lawsuits against both generics firms , and both lawsui..

..lows professionals plenty of room for educated speculation on what actually happened .  Yeah , Josie , I know . I did n't make my inferential point clear , which goes to this unwarranted expectation that we somehow have a right to know about his PHI because of his lofty station .  It 's actually noteworthy that no one apparently looked at and leaked things out of his chart . People would have paid big $$$ for that . The keystroke monitoring in the audit logs must have been pretty good .  I 've been an SBM..

.., so I had to figure out ways to use them . I came up with this grilled pineapple salsa . I used it as a side dish for some grilled fish I made for dinner .  This salsa is just a bit hot and also is tangy ( from the lime juice ) and sweet , not just because of the honey , but also because grilling fruit brings out the sugars . And I have to add , that grilled pineapple tastes somewhat like rum , which is never a bad thing .  Preheat an outdoor grill ( or use a grill pan ) . Brush the the pineapple and oni..

..is 1 day old son passed away the day after he learned he would pitch in the playoffs . As a parent , I cant even imagine what the Neshek 's are going through .  Life is n't fair . Sometimes it just plain sucks    Did you know ? Pinellas got its name because of the numerous pine trees that covered the land . Pinellas County was incorporated on January 1 , 1912 , and this year marks the county 's 100th birthday . To celebrate , a variety of events will be held to honor the past and look forward to the futur..

..l from corn . It consumes a wasteful amount of water .  Cattle for beef also are a wasteful water user . Beattie notes that it takes about a thousand cubic meters of water to grow a ton of vegetables . A ton of beef uses 42,500 cubic meters of water because of the feedstock used in the production .  ? Beef is the biggest single contributor to the flow of virtual water for precisely this reason , ? Beattie writes . ? It makes up 13 percent of global virtual water trade compared with 11 percent for soybeans..

..of the next hour would n't be soon enough for all those waiting for you to get you tired , pathetic cowardly excuse for a man .  You are killing people your lack of action so if that is what is bothering you it is too late , people are already dying because of your , I cant say what I would like to say .  How hell long will it take to the Afghans to kick talibans off this country ? What a chicken-hearted people brave soldiers help ! For any NATO Brave killed , we should sing " I had a comrade " for those ..

.. 's autonomy , choices , dignity and privacy , including peer support and other alternatives to the medical model of mental health .  Here is what they said about legal capacity . Remember that saying we are " incapable " of making our own decisions because of a " mental illness " is one of the justifications used to impose forced treatment , to take away a person 's right to manage their money and many other abuses .  The Committee urges the state party to adopt measures to repeal the laws , policies and..

..hese individuals are    A bit of pumpkin anyone ?  I live in Australia . We do n't do Halloween here -- although maybe some of the commercial aspects . Did you know that the turnip was originally a symbol of Halloween -- but now it is the pumpkin -- because of its size and ease of carving . You can read more about Halloween here .  Every day in the weeks leading up to Halloween I have found a few pumpkin related recipes and craft ideas in my Pinterest feed -- so I thought I would have a bit of a pumpkin c..

.. is to sit down and order a drink and there are all those bars where there are lots of things going on . Places that have live music and have theme nights could be a great place to meet a lady a great way to find a girlfriend , so do n't ignore them because of the stigma which some bars have to be sleazy . Several are more than really worth your whilst .  3 ) Function -- if dating is growing rapidly allowed .  Several work places have strict policies on fraternization and a few do n't . Usually of thumb ,..

..g on the store 's own property .  In response to this situation , Ralphs filed a lawsuit against the union seeking an injunction to end the union tactics . The trial court declined to issue the injunction claiming that it was prevented from doing so because of another California state law prohibiting injunctions against unions . An appeals court , however , ruled in Ralphs ' favor after finding the state law cited by the trial court was unconstitutional because it granted greater rights to unions than to ..

..nesday . Full bus service was restored before being suspended overnight in southern parts of Manhattan . Some train service resumed .  Very limited subway service was set to resume Thursday -- none of it , however , south of 34th Street in Manhattan because of stubborn power failures .  Two of the area 's three major airports -- Kennedy in New York and Newark Liberty in New Jersey -- reopened with restricted service . New York 's LaGuardia Airport was projected to reopen Thursday with limited flight sched..

..ple who have very serious issues to deal with , physical and/or mental ) As for myself , I was not capable of doing any very physical work even when I was working , as I stated in my first post , I had to force myself to work for the final two years because of my COPD , and at the end of 8 hours , I was useless for the rest of the day , that 's why I took the lay-off rather than a transfer . ( many people tell me I was " crazy " for doing that , believe me , I would have rather kept working , but had no c..

..ne interaction , do n't take this as a sign that you should n't comment .  -  It has been discussed that depression is , or at least can be , a very isolating illness . Even if you do n't want to be alone it can be the case that you ca n't reach out because of negativity , or apathy or the inability to initiate , or fear , or the fact that all motivation has been drained away , or the tendency to see the bad in everything inadvertently causing you to be a complete asshole , or a sureness that any attempt ..

..ssibly rich society , and that even despite the Great Recession we still have plenty of money to spend , and much of it , for the first time , is in the hands of women , who are working at greater rates and earning more money than ever before .  And because of the rise of the internet , and concurrent democratization of fashion , shoes , which are the easily sized and quickly transported commodity , were at the forefront of the shopping boom that followed these two trends . The aspirational woman in Monta..

..  He then talked at length about how assessing damages works in the the moving business . When I told him that this is n't about the amount of damages that Casey Movers paid out to my in-laws , that it is about the letter threatening a libel lawsuit because of a negative review on Yelp !  Matthew admitted that the way he reached out was not the right way and he does not expect us to remove the Yelp review . His concern is that he believes the numbers in the review are wrong and may be misleading . He said..

..s given the world OFF the bike .  So , what if there was no Lance Armstrong as we know him ? What if the Livestrong Foundation never existed ? Where would we be ? What I do know is what the foundation he created does , and that we are all better off because of it . Let 's not forget that this is a guy that beat the odds to survive . To win against Cancer takes everything you have . You ca n't cheat . It is greater than any advisary that faces you on a bike . To come from a place of near death , and even c..

..gional sports network is offered on anything other than a basic package in its home market , so why should theirs ? ( Of course , Padres fans and Time Warner subscribers who were shut out of their team 's coverage on Fox Sports San Diego last season because of a similar staredown might have a different take on the matter . In that case , the monthly fee per subscriber is a reported $5 . )  In the meantime , the Lakers are n't exactly swimming in goodwill during this situation . A reader , Tracy Santos , e..

..e main themes of this novel .  We also meet Peter Locke and his nave , beautiful wife Julia , along with Peter 's relative Rose , a nurse . Peter and Riley meet on the front lines , while Rose and Nadine meet later on due to Nadine taking up nursing because of the war . The way people interrelate during wartime who 'd normally never meet also is another main theme of this novel -- along with the fact that people suffer during war who never get close to the front lines , such as Julia , who must mature and..

.. very small . To be honest , trying to explain it to other people became tiring well . I ultimately gave up actively participating in the Esperanto world , though the desire to learn another language stayed with me and I eventually started this blog because of it .  What do I do ?  Now that you know , what do I do . Should I continue to treat Esperanto as a red-headed step child and ignore it ? Or should I add it to my list of languages and actively pursue it ? I do n't know the answer , but I was hoing t..

.. world from a perspective that is almost completely unavailable to the average " normal " person . This way of seeing the world belongs to very few people in the world , and most of them struggle with it greatly . Many weirdos are set off at birth , because of some quirk of personality or extreme intelligence , or a bit later through family circumstances or some life-altering environmental event ( but this event must take place during childhood when the brain is still wiring itself ) . Their otherness is ..

..y respects the court order and picks alcohol over his vendetta    Oh What a Year ...  Once upon a time I was apart of an iPhone app forum called The Bump . I am sure many of you are aware of this particular app because most of us " know " each other because of it . TB was a place for expecting moms , women who were TTC , and even some brand new mamas to go to get advice , vent , pass time and form friendships . Once Instagram ( IG ) hit the scene then a lot of us gravitated there to form somewhat of an al..

..ion and publishes results . Armed with that , Kirkby 's CLOUD funding is restored circa 2007 , the apparatus constructed and the earliest results have been published . The science is solid and we 're at least a decade behind where we should be , all because of catastrophic AGW alarmists who interfered in the scientific process .  None of the folks mentioned above are flat earthers , a designation more descriptive of the alarmist crowd . And not one was invited to any BBC AGW reporting policy steering meet..

..d schools in Maryland in Pennsylvania . Molloy that year was led by stand-out shortshop Mike Baxter , who , of course , is now an outfielder for his hometown Mets .  But one of Baxter 's teammates has been in the news lately , too , though it 's not because of baseball . From a 2002 article in the Times Newsweekly , a local paper in Queens :  The key player in the infield is shortstop Mike Baxter , a veteran of three years at the position . Rich Romeo will be at second against the Brooklyn nine and at the..

..check it out . Thanks for recognizing what we are going through , even though you 're so far away .  Hi Odongo Thank you for adding your perspective here . I would agree that there are indeed leaders whose responses are terribly inadequate and who , because of it , become part of the problem rather than the solution in times of crisis . I 'd like to think though that this comes from a lack of something that has less to do with human nature in general and more to do    December 27 , 2009  A little more Nut..

.. flood and the substantial increase in business we had a couple of potential almost accidents and there were too many people waiting for the bus in high traffic lanes where the bus stop was located so we asked them to relocate it off of our property because of safety issues . "  Keeping says they contacted the city of West Memphis to relocate the bus stop , though MATA resisted the move . According to Keeping , West Memphis asked Southland Park five or six years ago to put the stop on the park 's property..

.. Assigning labels to events they could n't explain . Keep up your loyalty to your wife . I wish more people would follow your example . It would be a better place for children . As a School Psychologist I dealt with children daily who were suffering because of the sexual behavior of their parents . I hope your moral thoughts and behavior also control other parts of your life , especially those having to do with money .  With the above phrase , Inheret the Wind , you describe your blogs on Truthdig very ac..

..right sidebar ) . Meanwhile I 'll keep looking for answers , I 'll share what I find when I post the poll results on Wednesday September 12th .  I like the graph showing number of living alone but would like to see how the percentages change as well because of the increase in population . Read an article recently that said that there were a number of cities where renting was cheaper than homeownership -- two of those cities are listed in the cbs story -- Seattle and San Francisco . Wonder how the percenta..

..any of them prefer the latter outcome .  Sullivan adds this :  " That front of real certainty . " It 's a good phrase for what I have long called the " fundamentalist psyche . "  Fundamentalism is not about belief ; it 's about the rigidity required because of faltering belief . It 's not faith ; it 's neurosis . And it 's at the heart of the GOP problem ; it 's why they can not look at things empirically , refuse to acknowledge nuance , and can not trust anyone who might be in touch with the reality fund..

..nce to three fictional stories , two of which actually undermine the idea of intense love . There 's no real love between Daisy and Gatsby , or ( arguably ) between Anna and Vronsky , only illusions of love that spiral tragically out of hand exactly because of the characters ' deluded detachment from reality in the first place . So your analogy is apt , but not in the sense you intend .  Yes , if the genders were reversed people would be calling this crazy . People would be tearing into her for having an ..

..n changes something in us . Richard Wright 's " Black Boy " is good because it accomplishes that . Toni Morrison 's fine story " Everyday Use " is good for the same reason . Faulkner 's " Absalom , Absalom ! " and Melville 's " Moby Dick " are great because of the skill with which they pull readers into identification with characters ' experiences . The ethical or moral value of good fiction lies in its ability to provoke thought and self-examination . In good fiction all " lessons " are implied , not exp..

..asked you who has the lowest cost , and who has the best customer service , A or B , it becomes pretty clear to most people that the guy with the one minute setup is going to have lower cost . He 's going to have tremendously better customer service because of his ability to respond quickly .  He decides to leverage that by offering a two-day lead time , when Company A and the rest of the industry has a sixweek lead time . He 's going to start to gain market share . Company A 's first reaction is probably..

..breach of the peace . .  In the NY case , the MTA refused Geller 's ad because it violated their " no-demeaning " rules ( a form of the " fighting words " exception ) which applied to cases where specified categories of people were being demeaned -- because of their race , religion , gender , and the like . The court decision against MTA turned on the fact that the no-demeaning rule was not generally applied , but singled out specified classes of people for protection . It was therefore a " content-based ..

..el , hand restored and housed in an architecture gem of a jewel box designed by Jean Nouvel , sitting right on the Brooklyn waterfront. "  4 . Vienna : The MQ  " One of my favorite places in Vienna is the Musuems Quartier , known locally as the MQ , because of its variety of art , entertainment and culinary delights , " says Alexa Brauner , tour guide .  " I like the Leopold Museum for showing what Vienna was like around 1900 ( the foundation for whatViennais nowadays ) , MUMOK ( the Museum of Modern Art ..

..Just a little one ? It 's true , I 've never been lynched , or been on the receiving end of state sanctioned discrimination , or b een harrassed by the police for driving through the wrong neighborhood , but seriously , my life sucks , and it 's all because of those mean darkies who ... Well , to tell you the truth , I do n't know quite what they did to ruin my life or even what it is about my lucky life that 's so hard and unfair , but I assure you , some minority somewhere is responsible for the crippli..

..for any employer . On top of whatever they pay me they have to spend more on H1b related expenses which could easily adds another $6k .  First off , let me give you some idea of where my thinking originates . I work from the theory that we do things because of our belief . We believe money has value , therefore we can use it as exchange for finished goods . We believe there are bad consequences if we break the law , therefore we do n't break the law that we know about . And so on ...  Capitalism is the be..

..feats the purpose of getting 30 year money ( lower payments ) because your payment schedule ends up being the same or more than 20 year notes . It also pushes the retirement date out another five years . What you gain by buying now ( at a lower rate because of inflation ) you give up on the back side when you want to expand the system . It 's actually worse than that because opting out of the 5 year float does n't mean the project has to slide 5 years . It just means that for the first couple of years the..

..ion that very night ? Do you ? Well , I do n't ...  We 've put our predictions down a few threads ago . You want to go there &; give us how you get WMR to 300 EV ?  " db : Do you believe that there was a spontaneous demonstration in Benghazi , Libya because of a 15 minute YouTube skit that had less than a hundred views ? "  Do you want to argue that an internet sensation can be made of a posting where the original was not viewed ? Not that I buy the 100 figure ; but it 's irrelevant when the call goes out..

..GOOD FER NOTHING GAWDAWFUL measurement . It does n't mean what we think it does . The correct measure is Canadian style : gallons per mile ( or liters per kilometer ) . Among other things , MPG leads us to obsess about super-efficient vehicles . But because of the counterintuitive reciprocal involved in MPG , all of the real fuel saving are at the low end . There 's a vanishingly small difference between a Prius and that magic new Tesla . ( Over 1000 miles , the Tesla would save less than 13 gallons of fu..

..iming ownership of a waterfront access point .  " They could have sold it in the private market , but , as I understand it , it was their preference to have it sold for public use , in keeping with their own belief that the property should be shared because of its location , " Lucarelli said .  The borough has plans to demolish the home on the property and clear space for passive recreation -- nothing fancy .  " The only thing I know , at this point , that will definitely be placed on the property is some..

..eryone involved is keeping Phoebe 's alibi and the occupant and address of this house hush-hush ? Is there a connection ? Or is there a connection with the Comfort Inn and the Champion Fitness nightclub where the dumpsters were searched , supposedly because of a tip ?  If Phoebe knew Ayla was gone and she was involved in the cover up , why in the world would she create an alibi with someone who she knew could n't be exposed to the public 's awareness ? Is it possible she did n't know anything until the 91..

