..eir being built for military purposes , that they were built to move military hardware from one side of the country to the other and to make one mile of every five was straight to accomodate the landing of planes . Not true . It first failed to pass because of the huge price tag . When they converted it to a " defense bill " it passed .  So there is a marvelous education on just how highways were planned and constructed and how they affected both cities and small town America . She discusses sociological ..

..definition that directly addresses the problem of ownership under Article VIII , which is one the primary issues associated with removing space debris . Specifically , the current body of space law does not contemplate salvage rights to space debris because of the ownership issues related to Article VIII of the Outer Space Treaty . Therefore , before space debris remediation can begin in earnest , the question of ownership and whether a particular space object can be removed must be addressed .  To that e..

..unded Jesus every step and ultimately they were the ones who plotted Jesus death and had others carry it out .. And Jesus had alot to say about the prideful religious people all around Him and it was never good ..  Many people believe that it should because of the problems associated with an element who misuse and misguide many of it 's followers however , you could liken this view to saying that just because a man raped a woman , that all men should be locked up for the safety of all women . Not very rat..

..ay . If you choose a home and decide that you do not like it    1 . The gene pool that is your social life will not have a lot of diversity  Architects are friends with other architects . This is either because they are the only other people you see because of item #3 , or your interests align closely so you run into the same people ( because architects do n't stop being architects at 5:00pm ) . I know of about 10 married couples where both are architects . I do n't know any lawyers married to lawyers , o..

..m ... which is a succession plan for himself should it be needed . It does n't take a scholar to figure out she is not the most qualified for this job . I am an Independent and voted for Clinton and then George W .... guess what , I 'm back to Obama because of this serious gross miscalculation on the judgement of the Republican party . I actually like McCain but ca n't take this risk . Thanks but no thanks on the bridge to nowhere ... that being the McCain/Palin ticket ! If we wanted that bridge , we woul..

..ght from spam , while 9% said they were scammed by spam . It certainly sounds like your chances are n't very good if you 're buying from spam . At the same time , 39% admit to clicking on spammed URLs , most of whom now admit that they get more spam because of it  Wow , people are more lame than I had previously imagined . Given how cheap it is to spam , maybe I should get started . There are a lot of personal enhancement products to be sold !  It just shows how uninformed most people are about spam , and..

..r of Walking the Dead Diamond River  I have been hoping for a single unified text that woodland owners can use to establish their foundation of knowledge . Stephen Long and his co-authors have created just this product . Our woodlands will be better because of this book . -- Peter Smallidge , New York state extension forester  The Northeast and its million and a half forest landowners need this book and will benefit greatly from its insights . Each of us who owns a small piece of this vast forested region..

.., but they were mostly smartalec remarks by Tyson , one of Josh and Emma 's friends . Most of his lines made me laugh .  Everytime I write a Facebook status now , I think , " What would my 16 year old self have thought that I was doing in the future because of what I typed ? "  I 'm serious .  The idea of this was genius . It brings those of us who were around during the AOL 100 free hours craze fond memories . Technology was still relatively new , as far as the internet was concerned , in the mid-1990s ...

..nk by demographics , how will that play out when the dems run an old white man or old white lady in 2016 , and the repubs run a more youthful Hispanic or other minority ? It 's not hard to believe that much of that demographic simply voted for Obama because of his generated PR as someone " different " , regardless of his actual politics .  The GOP is not sunk by demographics , it 's sunk by a flawed ideology based on conflicting axioms and beliefs .  The GOP does n't do demographics -- it does types . It ..

.., the assembly line system we have in place now has little relevance to what we know kids actually need to thrive .  Most of us know this , and yet making room for the huge shift in the system that 's necessary has been difficult , if not impossible because of fear of the unknown , says educator Madeline Levine , author of Teach Your Children Well .  " People do n't like change , especially in times of great uncertainty , " she said . " People naturally go conservative and buckle down and do n't want to t..

..er , it is also one of the most damaging . Beauty and its perception cause far too much anguish , stress and suicide . Feeling pretty is a tall order these days , despite the countless aids and accessories available . Several entire industries exist because of our desire to be more attractive , and as their advertisements suggest , we need them to feel good about ourselves . Camo Girl by Kekla Magoon lyrically explores the natural insecurities tweeners ( ages 9-12 ) feel about beauty , acceptance , and lo..

..New Report Finds ' Worrisome Levels '  According to a new report , rice eaten just once a day can drive arsenic levels in the human body up 44 percent . ( Getty Images )  A major consumer magazine is warning Americans to limit how much rice they eat because of concerns over arsenic and the FDA is investigating the matter .  According to a sobering report released to " Good Morning America " by Consumer Reports magazine this morning , rice eaten just once a day can drive arsenic levels in the human body up..

..agrange L1 point to enable us to mitigate for the increased retention of energy caused by atmospheric CO2 increases , yet this does not feature in the list of 14 goals . Running out of oil is going to be another destructor to our way of life , again because of the tax losses , moving to individual use of solar power will not be promoted and wars over the ownership of the dwindling oil resources will intensify . The technological solution depends on cheap solar and storage development , but the problem is ..

.. disrespect us so easily . I develop a greater respect for my fellow teachers . I learn why they care about our kids . It starts to become us vs. them . A real unity is getting forged .  I have to admit that I had a vision that we would never strike because of the bigger political picture : " Obama would never want a strike on the eve of the election . He needs labor so he would make sure that Rahm would work out a compromise . "  I was wrong -- things are more complicated . STRIKE !  The interests are co..

..e to find someone else . You too . If you are dishonest about your ability to actually let these things go , then the only other alternative here is that you will become an emotional and insecure wreck and it will only increase with time . ( *This , because of the nature of the ' things ' he shared . ) If you delude yourself into believing that you can trust him ' even though ... ' then you are headed for heartbreak and pain . Again , and always : Where there is no trust , there is no longevity . And unle..

..ncerning pollution and toxic spill . It 's not clean because it had been libertarian concerning that to begin with .  .. YouTube .. libertarian society can not prevent natural resources from being destroyed , or the environment from being polluted , because of its rejection of collective regulation and control . Critics find libertarian attempts to protect the environment through property rights are lacking . Can you privatize whales and atmospheres ? Can imagine how hard it is to trace legal responsibili..

..lt that some of those were ridiculous .  September 15 , 2:17pm  This list is entertaining to read ... but garbage . Sounds like my X-Girlfriend wrote it .. and she was crazy .  Johnny  September 25 , 10:22pm  I used to have PE and got very depressed because of this situation . It feels like hell not to satisfy your-girl even though she says its OK . I know it was n't .  I looked for solutions like pills , drugs , creams and so on , but they never work !  So I searched for tips online and found from one of..

..ics that would be directly effected by large-scale resettlement . In Central America , the prospect that millions of blacks would soon be arriving provoked alarm . A sense of panic prevailed in Nicaragua and Honduras , the American consul reported , because of fears of " a dreadful deluge of negro emigration ... from the United States . " In August and September , Honduras , Nicaragua and Costa Rica protested officially to the American government about the resettlement venture . ( Objection from Costa Ric..

..t told to believe it and they do ! They 're told to believe that light has the same speed with respect to all observers , even though they 've never seen that . And , frankly , what does a computer or even a light bulb prove ? Nothing says they work because of what " scientists " say makes them work ! No " science " devotee has ever looked inside a wire to see if electricity comes from electrons or tiny aliens moving along it . Devotees laugh , but they never have proved it , they only accept it because t..

..brass , woodwind , and percussion . If the strings were to be placed behind the band , then the audience would have a hard time hearing the string instruments , because band instruments generally produce louder sounds than string instruments . It is because of the volume balance that sometimes even the string instruments are rearranged . In example , sometimes the violas and the cellos switch places because the cellos play to softly , or because    User Guides  Job Seekers  LinkedIn is the best tool to he..

..ahin and John Lewis : Diem was from a Roman Catholic mandarin family that had served the vestigial and effectively French-controlled imperial Annamese court at Hue . After working in the imperial administration for four years , Diem resigned in 1933 because of a dispute with Emperor Bao Dai . In 1946 , following a long period of political retirement and study , Diem was offered the premiership by Ho Chi Minh . He turned it down in part because he held the Vietminh responsible for the murder of his brother..

..expected rewards ( presumably a high percentage of graduates pursuing research on a full-time basis ) , improvements are needed in the design of the training programs .  I 've thought for some time that the design of the programs is flawed , largely because of my understanding of the challenges faced by new faculty members who hope to become successful biomedical scientists . Given the incredibly competitive nature of the current biomedical research environment , individuals who wish to be successful as p..

.. who add a useful ingredient get soup , and he has to make sure that *only* useful ingredients are added .  As more and more people join , the synergy of their additions increase through wise selections of allowed ingredients , and everyone benefits because of the guy with the capital , the knowledge , the plan , and the hustle .  Guess he knows we ca n't all be wealthy , but he thinks his plan will bring more americans into the middle class even though the middle class wealth will remains stagnant . No r..

.. http : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kFsB1Jk1O ...  In this year 's competition , we award Fox News second place -- up from their fifth place finish last year . This year , the award is extended to the entire News Corporation empire of Rupert Murdoch because of its apparent efforts to synchronize anti-climate science reporting among the different Murdoch outlets in the UK , the U.S. , and Australia . Among the bad climate science promoted by Fox News is that snowy weather disproves global warming ( while i..

.. her face nor does she inflict bad messages or act as an awful rolemodel , shes hard working and pure talent at what she does , therefore something we all aspire to .  January 3 , 2010 at 6:49 pm  ( 129 ) cage j says :  u people r so judgmentive all because of sum rumor well i heard that the persone that calls themselves disgusted is a person with horible acne OMFG ! ! lets put sum comments up about that person cuz that person needs a life and get used to it sum people r different DEAL WITH IT ! ! ! !  Ja..

.. market cap of just $2.50 billion , or a price/sales of 0.13 . Granted the company has seen a 5% sales decline and is now negative in operating cash flow , and faces some financial headwinds . But , its future is now looking brighter than ever , and because of its presence and its importance , its chances of bankruptcy are slim to none    Barack Obama could n't censor that anti-Islam film -- even if he wanted to .  BY ROBERT C. POST SEPTEMBER 17 , 2012  Innocence of Muslims is a strange , amateurish , and..

..2 . By Nicholas D. Kristof -- Who knew that carcinogens had their own lobby in Washington ? Do n't believe me ? Just consider formaldehyde , which is found in everything from nail polish to kitchen countertops , fabric softeners to carpets . Largely because of its use in building materials , we breathe formaldehyde fumes when we 're inside our homes . Just one other fact you should know : According to government scientists , it causes cancer . The chemical industry is working frantically to suppress that ..

.. the best near future sci-fi thriller novels written in the past few years . Early in the novel , Matt discovers he is a clone in a future where clones are thought of as little more than animals . Matt is the clone of a very powerful drug lord , and because of this , he enjoys a much more comfortable life than most . Matt learns a lot in the course of the novel ... perhaps the most frightening of these is that there are many reasons for cloning one 's self . I hear a lot of people review books and say thi..

..minance or kill cubs so they can breed with the female , outright predation for food was previously unobserved by biologists .  Polar Bear Status  In 2008 , the polar bear was listed as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act primarily because of the decline of its primary habitat : sea ice . The Secretary of Interior listed the polar bear as threatened but restricted the Endangered Species Act 's protections and thus the polar bear 's future is still very much in jeopardy .  The polar bear ..

..tion of Afghanistan is being treated now like they have no rights at all and being oppressed so brutally ? Does n't that have to be part of the equation ? You ca n't just say these are moral equivalents , because they are both bad . Is n't one worse because of that ?  Mr. MARESCA . Congressman , I am not here to defend the Taliban . That is not my role . We are a company that is trying to build a pipeline across this country . Mr. ROHRABACHER . I sympathize with that . By the way , you are right . All fac..

..son .  ? As a quarterback gets older the speed of the game gets a little slower , ? Reed explained . ? The learning curve isn ? t as great .  ? Rasaan is getting into deeper concepts now . He did a lot last year on instinct , and he had some success because of his athleticism . But he ? s matured a lot , and now he ? s developing into more of a quarterback . How he has a better feel for ( the defenses ) he sees , a better feel for the coverages he sees. ?  Other coaches around the PAC-10 hope to see that ..

.. target    The importance of cognitive errors in diagnosis and strategies to minimize them .  Source  Abstract  In the area of patient safety , recent attention has focused on diagnostic error . The reduction of diagnostic error is an important goal because of its associated morbidity and potential preventability . A critical subset of diagnostic errors arises through cognitive errors , especially those associated with failures in perception , failed heuristics , and biases ; collectively , these have bee..

..eover , the industrial robots of 15 years ago are not the type of robots this article is talking about . The author took a whole paragraph discussing why these robots are different from robots of the past . The point is that while they are simpler , because of the the smartphone revolution they can be programmed to do more stuff because there 's a proliferation of not just cheap but repurposed sensors that can be used    As Far As Eyes Can See lyrics  Edenbridge As Far As Eyes Can See lyrics  boundless th..

.. play out in the real world every day .  Photo By : codinghorror.com  One result of this , in my opinion , is that women are not good at bragging or shamelessly " selling themselves " like men are . Well , if you believe that you got a big promotion because of luck , you 're probably not going to feel right bragging about how much your deserved the promotion and how awesome you are -- instead , you 're going to feel like a scam artist who got lucky and you 'd be " lying " if you said you deserved it . A m..

..0% of all music I want through Spotify for free and could download music for 9 per month .  Think about Netflix , Lovefilm and Apple film now on subscription services that feed back a small amount to content publishers . They still have major issues because of the gap between the cinema and DVD/ Blueray that will be fixed as soon as bandwidth improves and native cable companies do something .  Now as an author your job is to maximize your expected value of your content . What would happen if you only prov..

..acket slung over the backpack , a second later Liam Neeson 's character passes the same man who is now wearing the jacket but is    Why is sodium located where it is on the periodic table ?  Sodium is located in Group IA of the periodic table mostly because of its electron configuration . All elements in this group have one electron in the outer orbital of its atom ( the s-orbital ) . This link gives information on each element of the periodic table : http : **35;5518;TOOLONG ...  To the left is another i..

..supply to be limited so I can get a better salary and be in more demand .  Companies are frustrated at the lack of CHEAP scientists and engineers .  Also , as a side note . At my university , those enrolled in Engineering and Science paid EXTRA fees because of it , so their tuition was considerably higher than other majors .  As a former engineering student , I can completely understand why we paid extra fees . We had labs that involved a lot of equipment and software with expensive licenses ( chromatogra..

..ave begun using online profiles for instant background checks on current and potential employees ( Grasz , 2009 ) . This may be lost on individuals who see their social profiles as part of " private " life , when in fact this is no longer the case , because of the blending of coworkers into friends or buddy lists , and the inclusion of their positions and employers into their profiles.  4.2.4 . Barriers : People with Disabilities  One issue that emerged from the interviews was the perceived " invisibility..

..! This country was founded on biblical principals and thrived for so long for a reason . Whether you are a Christian or not , you have to admit that the bible sets out a solid set of morals and does not waiver on its position . Its going to crap now because of the lack of morals in America today . And whether you love it or hate it , you have to admit that the direction our country is headed is the exact opposite of what our founding fathers intended . I , for one , am not a fan ... but maybe you are . Th..

..plantation Negroes ' and whites were ' lemonheads . ' "  The Post quotes Frank Watkins , a spokesman for Jackson 's congressional office , as saying , " I 've never heard him Jackson say    Related Articles  The Alaskan cruise season is fairly short because of cold fall and winter temperatures . Most cruise lines send their ships to cruise among the glaciers from May to September , the Alaska Cruises vacation site explains . The weather is usually mild to warm during those months , so there are benefits t..

.. as motorists seek to evade paying . Some tolling authorities -- often quasi-governmental agencies operating outside the public eye -- have been plagued by mismanagement . And some public-private partnerships to build toll roads have drowned in debt because of too-rosy revenue predictions .  Tolls are hardly a perfect solution . But to many states and communities , they 're the best option available .  " It 's very hard in this environment for states to add capacity without charging a toll because they ca..

.. . There ? s the making here of a first rate one act play , but much of the middle could stand tightening , particularly during sequences which echo similar incidents in other scenes . Nevertheless , the play certainly wins us over with pure charm ? because of the buildup , the ultimate romance is entirely affecting .  StageScene L.A. ( WOW ! )  ? This is the story of two people who were made for each other , true soul mates , a man and a woman destined to fall in love with each other , if only they could..

..tence every single year . Put it all together and it looks like this : Wisconsin 's unions ca n't deliver value to their members , they 're deprived of the resources to change the rules so they can start delivering value to their members again , and because of that , their members eventually give in to employer pressure and shut the union down in one of the annual certification elections .  You may think Walker 's proposal is a good idea or a bad idea . But that 's what it does . And it 's telling that he..

.. to spend money on an Apple-branded system . Sure , if I could pick up a brand new Mac Pro for say $500 , I 'd snap up one ( probably several ) , but I 'm not going to start fabricating a weak argument that Apple should be selling cheap systems just because of that . IIf I was going to go down that line I 'd also want a cheap yacht , a cheap Rolex and a cheap Ferrari . The truth is that Apple should n't start associating with cheap systems , not at least while the current business model is bringing in the..

..rs non-random to us *only* because we happen to reside in a life-supporting region of a massive and disorganized universe . I do n't know if " life " exists in more chaotic areas . Perhaps it does ; and perhaps we would not even recognize it as life because of perceptual biases .  God set forth His Word to be the supreme authority governing all things .  Proof , please ? ( And not from the Bible . )  God gave birth to a Son . This Son is the image of God .  Proof , please ? ( And not from the Bible . )  M..

..day . This past Sunday , Saving Rachel sold just over 6,000 downloads . Yesterday , Monday , approximately 4,000 .  Congratulations , John . Very inspiring . It 's funny because someone mentioned on this blog yesterday and I bought one of your books because of it . My day job is in brand consulting - you 've done an excellent job on that .  Can you talk a little more about what you did or what happened just prior to your books moving into the stratosphere ? What was the low end of sales per day and when d..

..uly 22 , then you may want to know some of the characteristics of people of that sign .  Cancer natives are sensitive , intuitive , and sympathetic . They can also be touchy , moody , and clingy . Often when they are hurt , they stay to themselves , because of their sense of self-protection . They are cautious and shrewd , but can be overemotional . Cancer natives try to blend in , and are not showy .  To get a proper astrological reading , you need to know your sun sign , moon sign , and rising sign . Th..

..you get up and start taking actions , or you just spare those who really act your " wise " advice ! " Those who talk do n't know , those who know do n't talk "  I started reading Pride &; Prejudice about 3 months ago , and I stopped more than once , because of the old classic vocabulary , that everybody knows Jane Austen for , i.e. felicity , vicious , countenance , etc ..  Then another thing happened , a friend of mine was given , and I have started the habit of giving books as goodbye gifts about a year..

.. and two wars to deal with , " he said .  To which Obama is said to have replied , " Rahm , if it were n't for the recession and the two wars , we would n't be here in the first place . "  Four years later , the president may be denied a second term because of the lingering consequences of the same forces that got him elected -- and his own failures to master them fully .  Obama 's luck , on the other hand , seems to be running out , and at a very bad time : As he prepares for the final debate with Romney..

..a good example ) . Or maybe Spain 's metro and ferrocarrile system that allows me to go from Madrid to Barcelona completely reliably , cheaper than with a car and with no hassles ? When Eisenhower rammed the interstate system through Congress it was because of the cold war and the idea that the interstates could be used as vast landing/take off fields for fleets of bombers . And yet there were some people that understood that such an infrastructure was crucial to building commerce in a country where Route..

..Strykert to pay fove per cent of royalties earned from the song since 2002 and from its future earnings .  The court did n't specify what the five per cent penalty translates to in dollars . Larrikin was n't able to seek royalties earned before 2002 because of a statute of limitations .  It remains arguable where the line should be drawn but for now , Larrikin are ' greedy opportunists ' in the words of Hay , and Prince is a wanker . That was my word .  Still on the subject , I was re-reading an interview..

..yote .  In fact , the tag line on their website may sum up the restaurant quite well . " Connoisseurs of all things hotdog and sausage . Check them out when in the capital of the Buckeye state .  Sunday , August 14 , 2011  We only live where we live because of a job , because we met that special someone , or it was where the dart hit the map after you asked yourself ' where should I move ' . Very few of us live where we grew up .  Well the saying goes , home is where your heart is . At Jimmy 's in Memphis..

..se feedback techniques discovered in the first place by Claude Bernard , whose vivisection experiments kick off animal rights movements called humane societies that really start out as lifeboat crews rescuing people from all the shipwrecks happening because of all the extra ships out there ...  2 . What 's in a Name ? -- Remember the cornflakes from last episode ? Thanks to the fact that corncobs make adhesives to bond Carborundum , otherwise known as silicon carbide , to grinding wheels used to grind lig..

.. , 346 U. S. 156 , 346 U. S. 191 , n. 35 , and finds scant support in either the English or American authorities , see generally Regina v. Scott , Dears . &; Bell 47 ; 3 Wigmore , Evidence 823 ( 3d ed.1940 ) , at 249 ( " a confession is not rejected because of any connection with the privilege against self-crimination " ) , and 250 , n. 5 ( particularly criticizing Bram ) ; 8 Wigmore , Evidence 2266 , at 400-401 ( McNaughton rev.1961 ) . Whatever the source of the rule excluding coerced confessions , it i..

..bs .  If we REALLY want to stop legislation like this , both groups need to start empowering each other . Companies need to make it easier to purchase , and adjust the prices of their media content to take into account the deflation that 's occurred because of the internet ; my 10,000 song iPod should not cost me $10,000 to fill .  Conversely , consumers need to start seeing piracy as the crime that it is and change the culture around it . It may not be stealing per se , but as long as people think they '..

..d see the business side and until now had not read such a realistic assessment .  Congratulations ! I hope you have time to enjoy the fruits of your labor .  Amanda - until two days I had no idea who you were . Now you 're sort of my hero . Not just because of your success , but your insight into your current situation and how well you seem to be handling everything that comes at you .  Amanda , I totally feel the same way about marketing . I enjoy it , but it takes an unbelievable amount of time and orga..

..er whether or not Grassroots secretly consulted the FEC about post-merger propriety , the subject of a separate complaint ) . Of course , the NLPC has also been accused of having ulterior motives . It carries , fairly or not , a conservative label , because of its efforts to expose malfeasance in the Clinton Administration . The League of Women Voters , which is still actively involved with DNet , happens to exist on the other end of the spectrum , a conflict that was posited as soon as news of the compla..

... 44 -- Haynes has resurfaced eh ? I guess Mukasey can personally attest to how we " know " about the Padilla dirty bomb plot , complete with bucket swinging and the shocking revelation of an online site that describes how to swing the buckets , all because of the torture .  And Haynes can add in all the " mosaic " info they got from 14 yo boys and old men in walkers and crazy guys at GITMO , after he was advised that at least 1/3 and more likely 1/2 of them did n't even have any ties to any mujahadeen gr..

..e of U.S. libs , who are only about 20% of the population ; the screwed up 20% . They constitute a big part of our current problems .  joelshore says : " People saying that Sandy was important in their vote does n't mean that they changed their vote because of Sandy . " That daydream is clearly refuted by my post and link above . Even Chrissy " Tingles " Mathews agrees . And no one is more Left than Mathews .  Finally , joelshore 's ridiculous " authority " is the lib blog Wikipedia , an unreliable source..

..the issue during the months of January and February . My personal take on the issue of spam is that all healthy ecosystems have parasites - the only question is whether or not the system is structurally vulnerable to being overwhelmed . Thankfully , because of the accountability that is built into the web itself ( the URL structure is fundamentally accountable ) , I believe that while the vulnerability of the live web to spam is real , it is managable .  Since our last State of the Blogosphere report in O..

..ollowing section on Resettlement .  Environmental and health effects of the Chernobyl accident  Several organisations have reported on the impacts of the Chernobyl accident , but all have had problems assessing the significance of their observations because of the lack of reliable public health information before 1986 .  In 1989 , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) first raised concerns that local medical scientists had incorrectly attributed various biological and health effects to radiation exposure ..

..celebrates the hardships of the early colonists , who were starving in their new environment . According to the legend , American Indians came to their aid , sharing indigenous foods such as maize and turkey . Thanksgiving is important not primarily because of its symbolism but because it is the most significant family holiday of the year , one of the few large and elaborate meals that families prepare .  The Arts and Humanities  Support for the Arts . The level of public support for the arts is much lowe..

..ers cap donor body mass index at 35 . About 10 percent do n't allow donors with B.M.I. 's over 30 , generally considered the cutoff for obesity , while the rest allow some heavier people to donate .  " Part of the shortage of living donor kidneys is because of the stringent criteria we 're placing on our living donor candidates who come in for evaluation , " said Dr. Mala Sachdeva of the North Shore University Hospital Transplant Center on Long Island , where 23 of the 104 potential donors who contacted t..

..r in all of the Iroquois nations and are not , by themselves , indisputable evidence of Mohawk origin . This being said , the three communities of Kahnawake , Kanesatake , and Akwesasne consider themselves today to be Mohawk communities , presumably because of the historic supremacy of the Mohawk culture and language .  The Great Council Fire An Abenaki Perspective  Historians who have taken up the trail of the Seven Nations of Canada are often startled to find that this alliance is largely forgotten amon..

..The recognition for Dan in Boston came later ; it did n't come at the time . He 's never expressed this to me , so this is my own analysis , but knowing him the way I do , I think he 's cognizant to make sure the proper people are credited this time because of what he went through last time . "  Ask Dan Duquette about the Orioles ' success in juggling an ever-shifting roster , and he credits Manager Buck Showalter . Ask about the signing of Wei-Yin Chen , a left-hander from Taiwan and the only Orioles pit..

..rom the center to begin another complete orbit from low pressure to high pressure . This process constitutes " particle orbit " .  Let 's review ...  1 ) Matter ( planets , suns , beings , etc .... is condensed space .  2 ) Matter maintains its form because of the pressure that surrounds it , if that pressure were not consistent ; all matter would expand into the natural particles that make up infinite space .  4 ) The probability of a machine being formed in natural space , capable of creation , in time ..

.. the Eastern contemporary , Ali ibn Isa . The surgical part of Ammar 's ophthalmologic treatise is particularly important . The third of these physicians , Ibn al-Haitham ( Alhazen ) has already been dealt with many times ; he must be remembered her because of his studies in physiological optics . Ali ibn Ridwan wrote various commentaries on Greek medicine , of which the best known was one on Galen 's Ars prava ; he also wrote a treatise on hygiene with special reference to Egypt . It should be noted that..

..e to being in a new culture very different from his own , however , many of his actions are those stemmed from rebellion or a desire for attention . Foucquet has a great need to control Hu . He wants to use Hu for copying the Chinese documents , and because of this , he sees Hu as his servant . Thus Hu is defined as a lower class than Foucquet . Spence is using Foucquet to represent the upper class in 18th century European society wanting to control lower classes .  The possibility of Hus madness is an ou..

..en . If Congress passes a bill requiring all employers to provide insurance , the trend in declining monetary wages can only continue , irrespective of    What is Broadband ?  Broadband Internet service truly is the most used form of Internet access because of its high access speeds ; it is offered in four different forms , DSL ( or Digital Subscriber Line ) , also fiber-optic , cable , and satellite . The old dial-up connection is the only non-broadband internet service available , and even though it is ..

..atever the conciliatory bromides being put out now by both sides .  But what troubles us now in the aftermath is that in many states , the presidential race was decided not on Tuesday , Election Day , but in the days and weeks preceding it . That 's because of the relatively recent phenomenon of early voting .  It used to be that only people in the military , the infirm and others who were unable to get to their assigned polling places on Election Day could cast absentee ballots .  That 's a reasonable ex..

..n Georgia , California , and even seemingly water-rich Michigan , noting that states generally end up competing with one another over water allocation and that international conflict follows in short order . Desalination offers little immediate hope because of economic and ecological barriers . Glennon submits a list of possible reforms to decrease water consumption . Some , such as waterless toilets , are technological innovations . Others , such as restructuring , require governmental intervention . --M..

.. , all the time .  Hi I would like to show this graphic and use some quotes from this blog in a session I 'm doing on Social Media &; Systems Thinking at the systems thinking summit in Cardiff in October . Is it    Do n't let it get away !  No , not because of the upcoming presidential election . But because four years ago Saturday was when Lehman Brothers declared bankruptcy , plunging the financial system into sheer chaos and marking the informal beginning of what we now call the Great Recession .  How ..

..nt to her stepfather , Joseph -- Gray 's father -- out in Arizona and she 'd ? own out for the burial , stayed in his one-bedroom townhouse .  God , that had been depressing . Joseph was in a wheelchair , attached twenty-four seven to an oxygen tank because of advanced emphysema .  Everyone close to her was either dead or dying .  " She started drinking again , " Joseph had said about her mother , who 'd died a year earlier . They 'd visited her grave after Gray 's service . " It was so hard on her . You ..

.. Oak Creek plant are much cleaner than their forebears , and given the United States supply of coal , making it cleaner remains a tantalizing goal .  Keystone pipeline : Delayed completion of the Keystone XL pipeline to move oil from Canada to Texas because of environmental concerns in Nebraska . He did back the building of the pipeline 's southern section , but has not said whether he will eventually approve the entire project after the election . The administration continues to study the risks of spills..

.. I , if I be lifted up , from the earth , will draw all men unto Me . ( Jn. 12:32 )  Again , the same word helkuo is used to describe the Father 's work through the Son . It is a dragging work and it will be accomplished in ALL . Jesus tells us that because of His death on the Cross , ALL MEN would be dragged unto Him . So much for " free " will !  In John 4:42 , Jesus tells us that He is the Savior of the world . Can He really be considered the Savior of the world if He does n't save all ? To avoid any d..

..house swap , individuals can find homes in the destination they are interested in and decide to home swap , enjoying a new way of travel as well as saving up on hundreds of dollars . But the best thing lies in that people are n't just swapping homes because of the money factor , but also to live a better experience while they travel as they meet people from all over the world who guide them with best tips to discover new places like a local !  There are 10 million people all over the world who have joined..

..o not support a country that was founded for the express purpose of maintaining the " right " to buy and sell human beings ( as the founders of that country admitted , explicitly stated , and even gloried in ) , that massacred those wishing to leave because of their opposition to the secession or slavery ( as at Nueces in Texas , Lawrence in Kansas , Centralia in Missouri , Shelton Laurel in North Carolina ) , that explicitly exempted the wealthy from military service but forced the poor to fight for the ..

..Randolph announced Friday that he will withdraw from the race to become chairman of the Florida Democratic Party after his surprise race and subsequent election as Orange County Tax Collector .  Randolph , a state legislator from Orlando who retired because of term limits , entered the race for Orange County Tax Collector at the last minute after its long-time incumbnet , Earl K. Wood , died three weeks before the election at the age of 96 .  While charter schools are an increasingly popular option for Fl..

.., they will be OK. 1 ) fiscal responsibility ; 2 ) government accountability ; and 3 ) low taxation . That 's it . Liberals can go up in arms all day against these principles and lose seats because liberals were only focused on reelecting Obama only because of his color of skin . Republicans on the other hand need to shuddup about abortion and immigration unless they defend those causes .  As a progressive , I 'm very encouraged that the usual suspects on the far right are starting a drumbeat of " double ..

..ughter feet was so deformed that the arch of both of her feet were up against the inside of her legs .... and had to have sugery when she was 12 or 13 to replace her ankle bones in both feet ... she is so flat footed and son has one really high arch because of the club foot ... anything that anyone can help me with to see if they can draw anything let me know ...  please apply for their benefits you and the children are entitled to . make sure you have copies of their complete medical record and of your h..

..on , self control , patience and perseverance .  Loading comments ...  I 'm not sure people realize what they 're getting into with big weight loss projects . Weighing yourself every day is like Russian roulette ( but much milder ) . Weight can vary because of feces , urine , glycogen , etc etc. http : **27;7898;TOOLONG The amounts are pretty huge !  paindatabase : I 'm not sure people realize what they 're getting into with  I 've spent the past 2 years losing 112 pounds , still 40 to go too . This time ..

.. file system inside the sandbox looks like the real McCoy , but it 's not , and more importantly , it is " chrooted " so that if an attacker manages to gain control over one of my TCP based services , it is running as a " non-privileged " user , and because of this the attacker is not able to " root " the host on your network and gain entrance to the other hosts . Imagine breaking into a very stout bank vault only to discover that ( a ) there 's nothing inside but Monopoly money , and ( b ) there 's no wa..

..on efficiency and out-of-the-box thinking , they will have a much easier time convincing taxpayers to offer more funding . RIght now , it 's like throwing money into the fire - nothing to show for it in the end .  In saying " uninformed " it was not because of disagreeing with them ; it was because , once again , someone was implying that replacing school signs is taking money from operating dollars ; it is NOT ! The capital fund and the operating fund are completely separate ! Capital money comes , for e..

..less prayers , in Latin . 22  The French reception of these Huron-Catholic gifts is one of the most intriguing parts of this account of transatlantic exchange . Chaumonot was partly motivated to urge such culturally distinctive gift-giving to Loreto because of positive reaction to an earlier exchange with a European site that also shared a name . While the Hurons resided in the mission named for Notre Dame de Foye , Chaumonot had written to Father Vrencourt , a Jesuit acquaintance at the Notre Dame de Foy..

..oun , with the question being the antecedent to which this " that " referred , if that , uh , makes any sense . Anyway , else . Let me tell you something -- there are own . Government research created the Internet so that all we succeed , we succeed because of our individual initiative , but also because we do things together .  What President Obama was saying was perfectly clear : the " that " in his statement refers to the bridges and roads and " this unbelievable American system . " He was n't , despit..

..rtion cases before the lower federal courts ; I know there are -- I do n't believe that it 's appropriate for me to go further than that in relation to that issue .  KOHL : All right .  Judge Alito , the president nominated you for the Supreme Court because of your record as a person and as a judge .  Groups and individuals , particularly on the right , quickly endorsed you soon after your nomination because they feel comfortable with your record as you have established it over several decades now , where..

..a higher power to make good decisions in life ... How about you focus on you buddy and in you 're religion and leave us folks who just wan na live life outside you 're religious box alone ...  Look dude , I 'm CHRISTIAN . I believe GOD is real . Not because of the BIBLE , but because I have felt him . The BIBLE is like a history book a true CHRISTIAN does n't need it . By the way , being good wo n't get you into HEAVEN you can read the BIBLE and it clearly says that even preachers will be in hell , not al..

..me of our policies may be more relaxed than the policies of companies outside our realm .  For example , in a bank or in the government , you can pretty much lock down an environment , and every employee coming in knows it 's going to be locked down because of who they are and who they work for .  Our organization is made up of technologists located around the world . You know some of them are looking for ways around the fences . It 's just built into their nature . It 's almost like a competition for the..

..hree ounces of lean beef has 2 to 3 mg of iron , and one slice of whole-wheat bread has 1 mg ) . The most easily absorbed iron -- called heme iron -- is found in meat . The other form of iron -- called non-heme iron -- comes from plant sources , but because of its chemical structure , it 's not as easy for the intestines to absorb . Still , both sources of iron are worth eating . In fact , heme iron helps improve the absorption of non-heme iron , so eating food sources of both forms of iron at the same ti..

..ible  CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) -- Affordable home prices and low interest rates have lured investors and first-time home buyers into the housing market , but move-up buyers are a tougher sell .  Many homeowners are simply stuck in their current homes because of an underwater mortgage . Others are concerned about the timing of transactions so they can seamlessly move from one home to another -- at a time when houses typically spend more days on market and thorough mortgage underwriting can make for unpredic..

..closed .  Step 4 : Keep your alarms working properly  Working smoke alarms are needed in every home and residence . Test and maintain your smoke alarms at least once a month , or follow the manufacturer 's instructions . Smoke alarms most often fail because of missing , dead or disconnected batteries . Replace batteries at least once a year . Testing is generally as simple as pushing a button and listening to hear the beep .  Step 5 : Practice a fire escape plan  In addition to installing smoke alarms in ..

.. . Problem is that with only one freight elevator , we 're looking at a very limited number of people who can move out on any given day . That means you 're going to have people who want to move out , they 're technically able to move them out , but because of the sheer volume of people who want to move , there 's the potential for a waiting list that could last weeks . " UPDATE : As of noontime on Saturday , residents are being allowed in to get belongings . No word on how long this window of opportunity..

..Salt Lake games saw the crushing heartbreak of Michelle Kwan 's stumble , but also the come-from-nowhere victory of another American figure skater , Sarah Hughes . An Australian speedskater won that country 's first-ever gold medal in a Winter Games because of sheer crazy luck . The Canadians ended a fifty year hockey drought with a win in the men 's competition . It was a Olympics of firsts , a feel-good couple of weeks held in America at a time when Americans needed a whole lot of feel-good.  2003  On F..

..bout another discussion that we hear a great deal , and that is the so-called " white backlash " . I would like to honestly say to you that the white backlash is merely a new name for an old phenomenon . It 's not something that just came into being because of shouts of Black Power , or because Negroes engaged in riots in Watts , for instance . The fact is that the state of California voted a Fair Housing bill out of existence before anybody shouted Black Power , or before anybody rioted in Watts .  It ma..

..eautiful . Here , they grew all the grapes for Pisco ( Chilean Liquor ) . It 's what this are thrives off of , besides tourism . We got there and went for a swim , ate 2-day freshly killed sheep . It was pretty tasty . After that we went star gazing because of the motivation we got at the observatory then went to bed . Today , we went fishing in the valley . We took off-path unpaved dirt roads . It was about an hour and a half bumpy ride but we finally got there . This place was stunning . It was the most..

..awn Lynch 's Attorney -- Race May Have Been Factor in DUI Arrest  Things are getting racial in the Marshawn Lynch DUI case -- the NFL star 's lawyer tells TMZ he believes the two white cops who arrested Lynch may have had it out for the running back because of the color of his skin .  Lynch was pulled over by the California Highway Patrol in Oakland back in July and was arrested for drunk driving after officers say his blood alcohol level was above the legal limit . In the police report , cops said they h..

..rely here . You started off by trying to say that polar bear populations have n't increased . That 's wrong , and it seems even you admit that now .  The article above says , in effect , " yeah we know they 've gone up a lot but we 're still worried because of global warming " . Even though the observational data says everything is all right , they 're concerned because the MODELS tell them polar bears might be in trouble in the future .  You find an article that confirmed everything I said , and yet you ..

.. quagmire , and we should allow the slaughter to continue . What happened ? We solved the problem without one American soldier 's death . Sarajevo ? Same thing . Democrats know what wars to fight . Bush thought no American soldiers would die in Iraq because of Clinton 's success . How 'd that " Liberation " thing work out for ya ?  If Clinton would have fought the right war , as in the war on Islamofacism , he might have taken Bin Laden from The Sudan government and maybe that would have prevented 9/11 . ..

..esumes its sovereignty and again takes its place as a free and independent republic amongst the nations of the Earth . "  -- &gt; Kentucky : It seceded over the hostile invasion of the South and the brutal treatment of Kentucky citizens and property because of its sympathetic position to the fifteen independent Southern states . " We hereby forever sever our connection with the Government of the United States and declare Kentucky to be a free and independent State , clothed with all power to fix her own d..

.. scheduled to participate in minor league rehab games Wednesday and Thursday at Triple-A Durham , and could return to the majors on Friday if all goes smoothly in those back-to-back outings .  Joyce has been on the 15-day disabled list since June 19 because of a strained left oblique muscle .  The 27-year-old was batting .279/.387/.512 with 11 home runs and 34 RBI in 239 plate appearances before the injury .  Tampa Bay entered play Tuesday night with a 42-38 record    Gen. John Allen : A Marine of distinc..

