..ots , the NDA would not have lost the 2004 general elections .  He said while Vajpayee had asked Modi to follow the ' Raj Dharma ' and wanted the government to go , the move was " vetoed " by BJP leaders like L K Advani .  " People who voted for BJP due to liberal face of Vajpayee went away from it after Gujarat riots and the floating votes went to Congress because people do not accept fanatic politics , " he said .  " Those people in BJP who want the party to come to power will have to realise that t..

..e a spokesman of the party ( Congress ) and whatever statements I used to give on various issues were based on my personal opinion , " he told reporters .  Singh said he was not attending the Congress Working Committee ( CWC ) meeting in Delhi today due to prior engagements and had informed the party high-command in this regard .  " I am not attending the Congress Working Committee ( CWC ) meeting today in New Delhi as I have informed about my pre-decided programmes to the Congress high-command and af..

..as the undisputed king of marketing tool . It has been a hands down winner when compared to all other forms of marketing , be it television or radio , search engine marketing , print media . Content writing also known as content marketing these days due to the fact that the contents are tailor made for the company or the product , keeping in mind the target audience . Even in some cases the content for the same product varies as per the target . Contents are posted on blogs , videos , photos , white p..

.. their own country . We will be ruled by non-Hindus . Democracy = One vote for one individual . In effect : Sheep grazer has one vote , and Mahatma Gandhi also has one vote . If there are 10 fools and 1 wise .. you will be ruled by fools , naturally due to very democratic set up . The writing on the wall is very clear .. !  Two major things are happenning : Animals are being killed and eaten ; humans are prevented from taking birth ... can there be a more solid way of destruction ? Actually .. no ! Wo..

..eing Arsh , he fails the task .  In this episode of Roadies , Taranjeet and Pratima and Vinay and Kanak face off in a MMA task to win Immunity . Taranjeet and Kanak win . The episode gets unbelievably dramatic with Pratima suffering a fainting spell due to emotional stress . During the vote out , the newly formed majority votes out Pratima and Manali .  The Roadies wake up to find Vinay kidnapped . Raghu has a special message for them . Kanak , Taranjeet , Arsh and Himani have to dress as Superman , S..

.. me believe . Not even room 101 will change my mind . I do n't care if he is God . I do n't like him .  SD , Are you being ironic , because I was . I actually have a long-term relationship with Death -- whom I call DR.D -- He/She/It , hard to tell , due to the hooded cloak that is always worn , drops around every Friday night for drinks . I get Him/Her/It to tie up the sycthe out the front along with the bicyles , because it scares the cats . We sit around , sometimes He/She/It has a cat on the lap , ..

..old . Little are we aware that our inclination towards gold is weakening the Rupee in the market .  The relation seems quite strange . India 's demand for gold is much more than the production . India has about 9% of the world 's gold reserves , but due to weak investment in exploration and mining activities , it does n't generate wealth out of it . It produces merely 0.4% of its entire gold consumption . Countries like Canada , South Africa and China have huge private investments in gold exploration ..

..eason whatsoever arising from any issues relating to theShow and Indian Idol Voting .  ( n ) The Company and its sub-contractors are not responsible for delayed receipt or non-receipt or incomplete receipt or corrupt receipt of Votes .  ( o ) Unless due to willful tortuous misconduct or gross negligence , the Company and/or its directors , employees , officers , affiliates or subsidiaries shall have no liability in tort , contract , or otherwise ( and as permitted by law , product liability ) , to the..

..you think would help him or her is vital . Keep in mind that violent    Diabetes mellitus is a very common disease that is gaining notoriety all over the world . It can be simply defined as a very high level of blood sugar in the body . It can occur due to two reasons i.e. lack of insulin production in the body or inability of the body to use the insulin that is produced . Pancreatic cancer can also cause this problem because insulin is produced by the pancreas . Diabetes can occur because of obesity ..

.. Safaris South Africa is one of the most popular destinations for safari holidays . The accommodation can be from the luxurious or the most basic depending on the type of experience you want from the holiday . They are usually all inclusive holidays due to the remote locations of the safari . If you are currently looking for a travel company offering safaris ... Tags : Safaris South Africa , Kruger Park Safari  Trip - Kruger National Park By : caylahaas - On our method to Mpumalanga for a well deserve..

..and asked whether I would like to come as one of his friend have cancelled to go . Then my mom and dad also forced me to go and then I agreed .  Catching the train was also fully impossible scene . On the way to railway station , I got stuck on road due to closed railway crossing . Then after few kilometers , another crossing was closed . Only few minutes were left for the train to leave . Then later I got stuck because minister was passing and for him the road was closed . Till that only 5 minutes we..

..manage to woo few more ruling party members , especially from Telangana and Rayalaseema respectively , in the coming days it would seal the fate of the present regime .  If the ruling party 's strength in the Assembly is reduced to a simple majority due to " expected defections " in the coming days , the state is bound to be brought under President 's Rule . The thinking of the Congress central leadership seemed to be to conduct elections in the state along with Karnataka where elections are scheduled..

..the task -- at least for the near future .  Under the federal health care law , states face a Nov. 16 deadline to submit blueprints to the federal government if they want to run their own health insurance exchanges when the online shopping sites are due to open in 2014 . If states do n't set up their own sites , the federal government will run one for them .  Nixon said he would prefer Missouri run its own insurance exchange . But that 's not possible , at least not at this point . Voters on Tuesday p..

..site to emerge as a popular search among the target visitors . Although , it may seem a bit difficult to gain recognition among online visitors but the things can be made favorable with ZenCart .  The demand of such services is increasing day by day due to the reason that it provides lucrative online marketing options to the retailers looking to stand apart from the competitors to lure the potential customers . Marketing is getting more and more competitive with each passing day but the online retaile..

..   The complaints started before two weeks . Initially there was a painful boil on the abdomen . Next day , the patient herself removed the pus by squeezing without taking any aseptic precautions ; hence there was swelling and tenderness in the area due to secondary infection . Consulted a modern medical doctor , and he prescribed some medicines including some ointments for external use . But the condition was getting worse day by day even after 12 days . Finally there was huge ulceration with dischar..

..day , which were slightly higher than market expectations on the back of robust refining margins . The profits would have been higher but for lower-than-expected petrochemical margins which limited gains . The stock may hold ground at current levels due to buyback support from the company .  Monsoons failed to pick up last week resulting in about 22 pct deficiency . The hard-hit states of Maharashtra and Karnataka may look at the centre for drought relief measures in the next few weeks . Despite a poo..

..ially sound people to set up a organization of their personal . Those corporations will no doubt be capable adequate to enter the international market place and run effectively with very good and constant profit generation for their owners . This is due to the fact our On-line organization development course is certified by USA 's Project Management Institute ( PMI ) that incorporates the mastering of PMP ( Project Management Program ) . We have an incredibly competent expert staff that teaches those ..

..ly wrote back to Ramanujan and invited him to England . When Hardy met him for the first time , he felt that he was like a child before Ramanujan in the field of mathematics . The genius and capabilities of Ramanujan were such that they could not be due to mental powers , because the intellect moves very slowly , thinking takes time , but Ramanujan did n't take any time in responding to Hardy 's questions . No sooner was the problem written down on the blackboard or put to him verbally than Ramanujan ..

..have adopted the process of chanting Krishna 's holy names . However , for those who do not like the chanting of the holy names and blaspheme the process and criticize or try to restrain those who do chant , we can understand that their sentiment is due to their sinful and offensive activities . Such people are said to have no intelligence and work for no useful purpose and simply contribute to the chaos and confusion within society . The Bhagavatam ( 3.9.7 ) confirms that those who do not engage in t..

..film , but we would urge any horror lover who has n't seen Psycho to move it to the top of their priority list ! ! The list has been never ending yet this movie is somewhat unique in concept and the amount of terrifying scenes gives it amazing ranks due to which it has been included in top 20 horror movies .  The Exorcist  The scares come from a place based in Faith , where Heaven and hell are as real as your beliefs in them care to be . Faith , for all the credentials on the subject , is tethered to ..

..ur site . Be on the safe side by knowing how to avoid black hat SEO illegalities .  I hope these tips would be handy and important for all newbies .    An aspiring blogger is always keen on setting up a blog site with Wordpress . This understandable due to the thought of having an own realm where a blogger can fondly write just about anything that pertains to his expertise or interest whether for leisure or income earning purpose .  However , there are a couple of things that a blogger , especially th..

.. about women being better managers . These people should , thus , resign from their respective posts and make way for females because according to them , females make better managers . Hypocrites ! The IIMs should remember that their glory is mainly due to their illustrious alumni who made it to these B-schools when there were no such diversity-enhancing criteria .  what b***s# ! + is this ? ? ? have they gone mad or what ? first work hard to get into a good engineering institue , then scratch ur .. r..

..eliberate attempt to delay the process of state formation , " he said .  The BJP is supporting the creation of Telangana but does not have any MP from Andhra    Gurgaon police record Reebok loss at Rs. 11.3 cr  The chargesheet says the loss incurred due to " theft through secret warehouses " amounted to 1.87 crore and that the loss on account of fraud through " franchisee referral program " and " falsification of accounts " was 9.42 crore . Photo : Ramesh Pathania/Mint  New Delhi : The extent of wrong..

.. , sound can not travel . That is the point .  Visitor : About the theory of karma . I think we can not prove that the things which happen to me in some particular moment are due only to my own previous actions , because it is possible that they are due to the other processes which are external to me .  SWAMIJI : What are the other processes ?  Visitor : For example , weather , or somebody comes here ...  SWAMIJI : You see , again you are bringing in weather and all that . Weather , etc. , are objects..

..arp contraction in Chinese GDP has shaved off oil imports and the oil market still struggles to find another China . Even though the Chinese economy may pick up growth in the first half of 2013 , we do not expect any meaningful growth in oil imports due to the structural problems in China .  US ? s efforts to increase its domestic oil production will lead to a drop in oil imports . Even though the US oil demand moves up it will not lead to a significant jump in oil imports from the Middle East . Due t..

..liquidation , the liquidator prepares depositor wise claim list and sends it to the DICGC . After scrutiny the DICGC pays the money to the liquidator who is liable to pay to the depositors . In the case of amalgamation / merger of banks , the amount due to each depositor is paid to the transferee bank .  Q 16 Can any insured bank withdraw from the DICGC coverage ?  No . The deposit insurance scheme is compulsory and no bank can withdraw from it .  Q 17 Can the DICGC withdraw deposit insurance coverage..

..fficient ; the marriage can not be dissolved . It not unfrequently happens that the Brahmun is unable to support his young wife ; be that as it may , the father has saved her from the reproach of remaining a maid , and his daughter enjoys the honors due to the wife of a Brahmun .  Commentary :  In the 1799 Calcutta edition , the woman leaping into the flames appears older , both in facial features and with somewhat drooping breasts . In the Paris edition , 1810 , she is shown to be young , with small ..

..he biggest of all wetland  Situated in the Australian continent rain fall is registered to the extents of 600-2000 mm in Tasmania or more than this even . This is surrounded by over 300 islands . This is supposed to be the wettest place in the world due to perpetual rainfalls . Generally the summer and winter seasons keeps on holding here . But rain keeps falling in all the seasons . The heaviest rain fall is recorded here in the months of January- February .  South-east Britain- the area of overcast ..

..As per recent crime records bureau statistics , the suicide rate in India has risen 8 % a year for 10 years . WHO portrays suicide among the top three causes of death in the age group 15-35. 99 percent of suicides in the age group 12-18 are occurred due to the academic pressure like deprivation of sunshine , exam results , and the copycat syndrome . Bangalore occupied first place in suicides followed by Chennai where 1,205 adolescents ( aged 12-19 years ) had ended their life . At the ending of 2010 i..

..ave many other creative people and there you can bounce ideas off of one another and these people often have high energy which you can feed off of . This can be a great group of people to work with because you will often find that you are challenged due to the intelligence and creativity of this group of people . There are many different sizes of advertising agencies see you could decide to work for a smaller advertising agency if you like a close-knit group of people or you could work for a larger ad..

.. are defined as one CA band named CA1-5 . More CA bands will be defined in later releases .  When carrier aggregation is used there are a number of serving cells , one for each component carrier . The coverage of the serving cells may differ -- both due to component carrier frequencies but also from power planning -- which is useful for heterogeneous network planning . The RRC connection is only handled by one cell , the Primary serving cell , served by the Primary component carrier ( DL and UL PCC ) ..

.. orange tie is better than the red one 47 is wearing . Run all the way out to the streets and move towards the nearest manhole southwest ( behind a wall and between buildings ) . Move through the sewers and avoiding the guards ( pretty easy to avoid due to the darkness there ) . Move towards the eastern most area where the door there leads to the Metro area . Wait behind the door and check your map . There will be 2 guards &; 2 civilians moving around this area . You have to wait till the guards move ..

..ous waste from Bhopal to Germany for treatment broke in Germany through a newspaper . It aroused public sentiment in Germany and more phobic than realistic approach were chosen based on people 's opinion . However some credit to this failure is also due to some babus sitting in north block from whom this confidential information got leaked to newspaper . The company had already expressed it 's anger to Indian side when this information got leaked when it was in final stage of discussion . Actually , t..

.. or 45% of India 's coastline .  " Not only do port activities extend landward but their impact because of associated structures such as breakwaters , extend well beyond the coastline they actually occupy , " the report stated .  " The major problem due to ports is coastal erosion but it is tackled locally by building coastal structures such as seawalls and groynes which only extend the area of a port 's impact , " said Sudarshan Rodriguez from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences ( TISS ) Deonar , w..

..ot fit the criteria to the ten , but I 'm in my 20s , do n't have any relatives in India and do n't know anybody there . This year I actually had an opportunity to go to Delhi for a 2-month internship . I was overjoyed at the prospect of going , but due to personal reasons did n't .  I did n't give much thought to India as a travelling destination before my obsession with Bollywood , so I 'll have to say that Bollywood 's got a LOT to do with my desire to see India . But it 's also interesting for me ..

..omet Assay software , the tail length and tail moment of the comets from human cells treated with and without a gac extract were analysed .  It was concluded that the gac extraction was able to repair DNA following oxidative damage . This effect was due to the ability of the gac extract to scavenge reactive oxygen species . Naturally occurring reactive oxygen species are potential oxidative agents that can convert to free radicals . If they are present in excess , then they can lead to enzyme inactiva..

..t time any1 try to molest u or try to grab u kick that asshole ball with ur full strenght and make him remember the day he thought women assault is his righteousness so that his manhood is shattered ......... ( but at the same time if they touched u due to train jerk kindly excuse them and give a verbal warning as that would hv not been delibrately done )  I agree with Kumar , do n't blame to each &; every man . There are so many people with different type of thinking even than i criticize any kind of..

..08 revolt in Lhasa and the Indian side has been forced to respond in terms of military capability and border infrastructure .  Despite the 1993 Border Peace and Tranquilty Agreement in place , there is serious trust deficit between the two countries due to unresolved border , Beijing 's all weather relationship with Pakistan and strategic encirclement of India , and the continued resonance of the Dalai Lama factor in Tibet . Even though India-China trade is already touching USD 74 billion dollars and ..

.. journalists , or class action lawsuits . These actions have had effect but they are not sustained well over time . Factual information and analyses are dwarfed by ' MLM ' PR and dis-information .  Incompetence : Some ' MLM ' schemes decline or fail due to failure to expand to new territories as market saturation sets in , financial or operational mismanagement , under-capitalization , computer flaws , or by major defections of their top recruiters to other ' MLM ' schemes offering better rewards to r..

..have continued to skyrocket . Whose loss is it ?  Good Move by the RBI ... it will curtail speculation and bring some sense into the prevailing scenario . Over the Mid-Term this will balance out as now you can expect property prices to also moderate due to slackening of demand . On the consumer side , it will force people to evaluate and build a house-fund , which will ensure lower defaults and hence lower personal as well as systemic pain . All in all , a brilliant move in my opinion . My only fear i..

..driver stack for Microsoft Windows and device drivers supported by Linux may be used free of charge with the PD720210 .  The PD720210 hub controller also makes it possible to build mobile docking stations that would not previously have been possible due to constraints on power or mounting area . It also enables realisation of USB universal charging functionality at no additional cost , which was previously quite expensive to implement .  With the new hub controller , Renesas hopes to contribute to the..

..e as nutritional supplement in animal husbandry , aquaculture , and in energy technologies are well recognized remarkable applied facets of the aquatic weed . There is no denying the fact that the ecology of Kashmir water ecosystems is fast changing due to myriad environmental factors , mostly anthropogenic in nature . Of late , macrophytic vegetation architecture started changing , and usually considered a tropical aquatic weed , Eichornia sp. made inroads in Kashmir waters . More recently , another ..

..th the US and the world .    TOPICS  Crores of rupees being spent on saving the Ganga from pollution does not seem to be working as bacterial contamination in India 's most sacred river has crossed the maximum permissible limit at several key cities due to discharge of sewage , Environment and Forests Minister Jayanthi Natarajan said in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday .  " The levels of bacterial contamination in terms of faecal coliform are reported to be exceeding the maximum permissible limit at a numbe..

..qually known for her outrageous sense of fashion , will return to competitive tennis next month after a hip injury sidelined her in early March . She will join the Indian at the Rome Masters event in the lead-up to the French Open .  Sania , who was due to partner Italian Flavia Pennetta in Stuttgart this week , pulled out of the tournament as her partner suffered a wrist injury .  " It was disappointing , " Sania said . " My partner Flavia ( Pennetta ) was injured and had to pull out . For me the tou..

..t people are unable to find permanent solution use of ginger is one of the permanent remedy if used regularly as a medicine .  7 . Kills Ovarian cancer cells  Ovarian cancer is one of the most common disease which women are suffering from these days due to various reasons as a result of which they have to go through some of the major pains and treatment . This has been recorded that sudden contact of ginger with the cells completely destroys the growth from the root giving no side effect on the other ..

..n the Indian currency is largely on account of deteriorating macros of the Indian economy such as the large fiscal and current account deficits , policy paralysis and rising inflation , according to analysts .  " The rupee is structurally vulnerable due to our high current account deficit . So that was a macro-adjustment that was required , " S &P; said in a statement .  Fitch and S &P; noted in their statements that the unfavorable political situation and external pressures are weighing on the nation..

..lations and caste consciousness .  The mission of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu has increased significantly over the past several decades and what was once an esoteric cult of Bengal has since become a worldwide-established faith . This is single-handedly due to the efforts and devotion of His Divine Grace A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada , a pure devotee of Lord Caitanya who spread His mission to the West in 1965 by founding the Hare Krishna movement . Lord Caitanya 's appearance day , Gaura - purnima ,..

..MF , Personal FN Research )  But domestic mutual funds seemed worried and net sold to the tune of Rs 2,254 which led them to maintain their selling streak . Although , the Government did bring in slew of reform measures , fund managers were helpless due to continuous pressure of redemption from equity mutual fund investors , as they preferred to either book profits , or were wary of the exhaustion in the market .  We believe that while FIIs are exuding confidence in the Indian equity markets , they se..

..ary Artery Bypass Graft Surgery  Myocardial Infarction ( Heart Attack )  End Stage Renal Failure  Major Organ Transplant  Stroke  Paralysis  Heart Valve Replacement Surgery  Multiple Sclerosis  Accidental Death Cover  In case of death of the insured due to an accident within the policy period , the nominee ( mentioned in the policy ) is compensated with the Sum Insured .  Accidental Permanent Total Disablement ( PTD ) Cover  Critical Care insures against the permanent and total loss of limbs and sight..

.. ? Well , technically , it is counterproductive most of times . Due to austerity plan or policy , the government 's usual spending goes down which is not good for its economy . When it spends less , the probability to make more money is not even 0.5 due to also the rising of competition factor in the global economy . In a bid to take on other economies / competitors , the economy needs to spend money , in fact economically and sufficiently on all concerned economic segments which do not happen in case..

..ner blowing down my back . On my 15th day , I was able to meet my family but only for about 10 minutes . When I requested legal assistance , my interrogators ridiculed me saying there was no such provision under the ISA . I suffered from headaches - due to my spectacles being taken away -besides muscle cramps and pains from sitting on chairs with three legs , said Lim . She said that all this was done to humiliate her and the 60-day confinement in isolation was to demoralize the detainee by cutting of..

..tivation ; it was characterized by bronze smelting mixed with stone tools , dugout dwellings , signs of a bear cult , European anthropological features in images . The identification of Proto-Bulgaro-Turkic with the Samus culture is even less likely due to its location in the southern taiga ecozone . Moreover , the Middle and Upper Ob is typically identifiable with Southern Samoyedic , and is located too far to the northeast . It also seems to lack some of the essential features found by the geolexica..

..onditions , could be completely re-invented .  Certainly , the search for Lewis acids that are also catalytically active in aqueous solution has met with substantial success . Meanwhile , it is known that some cycloadditions are actually accelerated due to hydrophobic effects . While the use of water in this way might have seemed absurd in the past , more attention is now being focused on employing it as an alternative solvent since along with it being a green reaction procedure input , it also enable..

.. the few steps given below which will help you to improve your blogs page ranks . I assure you that the below steps will defiantly help to increase page rank .  Now-a-days All the Webmasters are busy in creating the valuable backlinks to their blogs due to the upcoming Google page rank update . Last page rank update was held on 2nd August 2012 by this the next page rank update was expected in this month . so most of the blog owners are concentrating on creating useful backlinks . Most people create ba..

.. effort to unfairly rig the voting process in his favor . Some of the new voters were mentally ill and were given beer laced with drugs to keep them manageable . Credible allegations have been made that one or more of the imported street people died due to overdosing on the beer and drug mixture , their bodies buried in the desert . To my knowledge that charge has not been conclusively proven . Rajneesh 's voting fraud scheme failed , and the derelicts and mental patients were returned to the streets ..

..which sectors do you think will be good ? ... First finalize your locality and then do some market research , you will able to find some ...  Read Real Estate Articles from India , Report , Price Trends ... Apr 11 , 2011 ... It is a favored locality due to its proximity with Delhi and Noida . ... Over time the informal term gaon ( which also means village in Prakrit ) was ... Commenting on the same Vineet Singh , Business Head , 99acres.com said .... This clearly indicates that affordable housing coup..

..ally lives in West Virginia now . It was a great trip and totally worth it despite missing a lecture by Dr. Kleinberg the following Monday .  For the Musically Inclined  It has been a long time since I sent out a review of music , and that 's mostly due to my laziness . Below you will see listed some CDs which have come out within the last 6 months , and what I thought of them .  Rick Ross , Deeper Than Rap - This CD was awesome . I 've been a Rick Ross fan since I first heard him on the All About the..

..addons you deem necessary -- and if possible , do n't use any .  2 . Use Accelerators  Another way to get the best from your slow internet connection is to use accelerators . I find it difficult to download large files and watch videos at my end but due to latest technologies ( thanks to companies like Speedbit ) I am able to download large files , watch videos and even download videos I ca n't watch .  Some great and effective accelerators that can help you get the best from your internet connection ..

..ard to the provision of ACCESSABILITY TO PUBLIC OFFICES , PLACES , PSU . The very purpose of enacting laws is their translation into reality throughout the country . The National and State-level Commissioners for enforcement are absolutely apathetic due to the reason they rarely appreciate the worth of an disabled- individual to the society . It is high time the media should mobilize public opinion with programmes to sensitize the implementing agencies to attain the zero-tolerance . The 10-Crore stren..

..of education in rural parts of our country is low . do you agree ?  Teaching is regarded as one of the noble professions . It is a matter of respect to become a teacher and imapart knowledge but off late the profession has seen lots of ups and downs due to some of the fellow teacher who is more keen to earn money rather than imparting knowledge . There is no doubt that the teachers are paid very low and they deserve a lot more than what they get . The Government should provide more facility and increa..

.. become more doctrinaire , the voices of millions of dissenters ignored .  Award winning New York Times Vatican II reporter Kaiser examines the most important and divisive issues confronting the Church : the sex abuse scandal , a shortage of priests due to the insistence upon celibacy , the ban on contraception , the roles of women and gays in the Church , the failure to reach out sincerely to other faiths , the increased participation of laypeople in Church affairs .  Kaiser gives an in-depth and beh..

..the house of Munna Pulso ( 20 ) and damaged the cooking utensils . They looted three hens . In the adjacent house too they damaged the utensils and damaged two drums by cutting the hides with knives . They tried to beat the people who stayed at home due to illnesses . The women who tried to stop them were beaten . Later they gave twenty rupees each to three women and three men who were present there .  They went to the ashram school and distributed biscuits to the children . These biscuits were looted..

..sion that would make gold cheaper by about 300 per 10 gram . " The relief has come at the right time as the next two months are very crucial for gold jewellers .  June and July are the two major months for wedding season and we expect demand to soar due to this relief , " said Mehul Choksi , chairman and managing director of Gitanjali Group .  The proposal had created a furore among jewellers , who went on a 21-day strike that resulted in a loss of about 22,000 crore in sales .  The government has wit..

..in the classical Clausewitzian concept , is unlikely to remain a viable instrument of politics in the 21st century . On the other hand , because of the increasing vulnerability of modern states , the effectiveness of modern military technology , and due to the higher stakes inherent in smaller but more effective professional military forces in future , if and when a regular war at the higher levels of intensity takes place , its impact will be far greater than a similar war in the past .  Use of milit..

..d of mortality and morbidity as has been confirmed by World Health Organisation ( WHO ) ' s Global Burden of Disease project which has underlined that one-quarter of the global disease burden , and more than one-third of the burden among children is due to modifiable environmental factors .  Even a conservative National Environment Policy , 2006 revealed , " It is increasingly evident that poor environmental quality has adversely affected human health . Environmental factors are estimated as being res..

..t age are arranging on getting them for Christmas . He wo n't shell out all that significantly attention to his toys now , but I will not know how a lot that will modify among now and Xmas . But I do n't want to inform everybody to just him clothing due to the fact that is really just helping me out , and not genuinely for him . What do you men think ? ? Thanks everybody ! I had n't thought about obtaining him publications , or the Child Einstein DVDs .  Very best reply :  Remedy by Yvonne I was consi..

..becomes gradually prideless , devoid of vanity , nonviolent , forbearing , simple , devoted to the great spiritual master , and self-controlled . By culture of knowledge one becomes unattached to hearth and home and becomes conscious of the miseries due to death , birth , old age and disease . And all culture of knowledge culminates in devotional service to the Personality of Godhead , V ? sudeva . Therefore , V ? sudeva is the ultimate aim in culturing all different branches of knowledge . Culture of..

..m very proud of the pilot who refused to fly Mr. Rahul Gandhi , because it is not the question of allowing or refusing . It is the question of doing it right , " he pointed out . The IAF helicopter pilot had refused to fly to Guwahati from Kokrajhar due to bad weather .     Rahul Dravid on Wednesday gave a huge thumbs-up to the captaincy skills of Sourav Ganguly and Mahendra Singh Dhoni , saying while the former was passionate about his job , the latter is " a great leader by example " .  " All the ca..

..s , typically needed when the man has the sensation that the bladder is never empty . The patient complains that there is always some urine left ( usually the first indication of prostate gland problems ) . Another symptom is the feeble urine stream due to the constrictionof the urethra . Frequently , there is involuntary dribbling or loss of urine , so that the patient has to stay at the toilet for a while in order not to wet his trousers . This patient can also suffer from a burning pain at the cess..

..l come and go    ' Did n't think Adarsh would be security threat '  Former Army Chief Deepak Kapoor on Thursday told a judicial panel conducting inquiry into the Adarsh Society scam that he did n't think that the high-rise would be a security threat due to its proximity to a military station .  " It did not occur to me that the building would pose a security threat , because there are number of buildings of similar height in the area ( south Mumbai Images ) , " General Kapoor said , deposing before th..

..o , Chou Enlai and Zhu were battle tested commanders . India , feudal in mindset was/is far behind China in historical developmental terms . We never had a revolution , just at transfer of power ....... The PLA too , were critically short of weapons due to poverty and sanctions . But it was a modern republican force , a product of a social revolution . It was as much ahead of the " koi hai " ex British Indian Army as Cromwell 's Roundheads were of King Charles I Royalists . We can blame the actors , b..

..in this morcha , ? added Cheema .  ? So the present DSGMC came into being in 1971 as a result of the sacrifices made by the Sant Fateh    Relief engine hits train , 5 hurt The injured were sitting on the stairs of bogies when they fell off the train due to a sudden jolt Aarti Kapur Tribune News Service  One of the injured passengers on Tuesday . Tribune Photo : S. Chandan  Chandigarh , November 20 Five passengers on board the Nangal-Ambala daily passenger train sustained injuries when the stranded tra..

..nk that the best option that you can follow is to reformat the system to install the Windows Xp again and then see if you are able to get the system to load and run again without any slowness that you are currently having . It could be possible that due to some virus or some bad portion of the memory this is happening and formatting    After years of intense searching I was blessed with finding a master who showed me the innermost secrets of how to achieve the highest spiritual enlightenment . He care..

..sed content increases the significance of your web page ( page ranking ) . Initially , every web page you contribute to your website increases the total page rank of the whole before you start adding in-context hyperlinks ; " in-context " hyperlinks due to the fact that according to Google authorities , the hyperlinks that you place inside the material of the web page are accepted more valuable .  Quickly , on the web , there are no fortunate days , no coincidences or no serendipities . If you want we..

..-1990s , the Nagaland government appointed many teachers on ad-hoc basis to serve in the many government schools across the length and breadth of Nagaland . These ad-hoc teachers were appointed to fill up the vacancies that cropped up in the schools due to promotions , retirements , transfers and deaths . After their appointment , these ad-hoc teachers began to be paid with the 1993 ROP and many of these so-called ad-hoc teachers began to serve the schools in high earnest with the hope that their serv..

..op four . Here on , however , his form dipped dramatically .  6 . MS Dhoni ( Wicketkeeper )  Matches 19 , Runs 357 , HS 51* , Avg 29.75 , SR 140.53 , Cts 12 , Sts 2  Though Pune 's Robin Uthappa scored more runs , Dhoni makes the cut as wicketkeeper due to his joint season-high 12 catches and sheer ability to perform in the playoffs while coping with the pressure of leading the two-time IPL champions . Dhoni had an average tournament going into the playoffs -- 269 runs without a fifty -- but fortunate..

..mining industry stands at the topmost level in the villain category , irrespective of the fact that industry has generated wealth for state , employment opportunities and other forms of work , " the CM said .  The mining industry in Goa is in crisis due to the halt ordered in extraction and transportation of ore by the Supreme Court pending report from the Centrally Empowered Committee .  Clarifying his stand , Parrikar said , " I am not supporting this sector or an industry which has damaged the envi..

..sions .  ( The writer is an ex-Navy officer    Sugar prices falling on the back of govt measures : Pawar  NEW DELHI : Sugar prices , which surged to nearly Rs 50 a kg in January , have declined by 17 per cent in Delhi in the last one and half months due to several steps taken by the government , the Rajya Sabha was informed today .  " As on March 3 , 2010 , prices of sugar are showing declining trend as compared to prices prevailing in the previous months , " Food and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar..

.. will be the objective guarantee , warranty period , to consider , such as amount of security required , select a life insurance quote , the subscriber , who went on a comparison of life insurance insurance companies more would be good .  Even those due to deregulation , the various kinds of things because really now coming around for life insurance , the same kind of content security , or insurance premiums will differ greatly depending on the insurance company .  When it comes to life insurance , th..

..l , it 's always important to send a quick recap email to have a transcript of the call to refer back to .  Dear Client ,  Thank you again for making time for the call . Even though we were unable to come to an agreement on this project at this time due to " insert reason , " please let me know if you have any further questions about it down the line .  Final thoughts  Ultimately , when you sign on a new client , you are creating an agreement between two parties . The better picture you can create for..

.. and all images above were arranged into a logical order .  After researching many Buddhist centers , which were formed along the Silk Road , I realized that the common basic feature of Buddhist art was that all symbols were " classified " . This is due to the social classification during this period . Because of his important position Buddha was portrayed as a Greek Emperor with his robe and Bodhisattava was often described as an Oriental-Asian prince . Only Maitreya was like both Buddha and Bodhisat..

..nd all types of viryas and when the food is digested properly after being processed by the fire in the stomach , the substance generated which is minute essence is known as rasa . Its place is the heart and that is circulated through all the vessels due to the vyanvayu all over the body . It also supplies dhatus necessary for the growth of the children , dhatus which are weakened in the old people , and continues to maintain the stability in the middle aged persons . It stays alive in the body . Other..

..ht , say researchers at The University of New Hampshire .  The study also found that they are at high risk of being disabled and losing independence , contradicting the popular image of the bird-thin elder being at greatest risk of becoming disabled due to loss of muscle mass .  Lead author Dain LaRoche , assistant professor of kinesiology at UNH , and two undergraduate students , Rachel Kralian and Erica Millet measured the impact of excess weight on subjects ' leg strength , walking speed , and powe..

..on after they forgot to validate their credentials .  " They had a problem with non-validation so they had to return to the welcome centre , " said US tennis chief Tim Curry .  Bob and Mike Bryan , 34 , the world number three doubles team , had been due to attend a press conference with teammates including Serena and Venus Williams , as    Olympics 2012 - Videos  Indian shooter Gagan Narang won the first medal for the country by winning a Bronze medal in the 10m Air Rifle event . He said , " A medal w..

..heir diversity . Politics is meant for all people of nation , we can not give priority to individual caste but some politician mix politics with religion for their own profit to increase their vote bank . In India many riots occur after independence due to mixing of politics and religion . Now times comes to throw out those politician who mix religion and politics because it is resistance to development our country .  Rate this : +3 -1  Ankitlove said : ( Fri , Oct 19 , 2012 12:47:24 AM )  Hello frend..

..ce official said .  Geetika Sharma , 23 , a former air hostess with Kanda 's now defunct MDLR airline , was found hanging in her flat in north west Delhi on Sunday .  In a suicide note found at her residence , Geetika alleged she was ending her life due to harassment by Kanda and MDLR official Aruna Chaddha . Both Kanda and Aruna have denied the allegations .  The official said they have questioned one of Kanda 's relatives to know about the whereabouts of the former Minister .  Meanwhile , a Delhi co..

.. at 0 psi , yet I kept breathing out of my tank for another 10 minutes or so . So something was clearly not right . Nevertheless , I noticed that every single diver on this dive ran out of air much quicker than normal . I am not sure whether that is due to the excitement or whether it is because one tries to swim further than normal in the hopes of finding a school of snappers with the likely accompanying whale shark .  We went back onto our waiting dive boat and motored back to shallower areas for lu..

..let and purchase a brand name new battery . The 3rd choice will be ... Tags : laptop battery , laptop batteries , notebook battery  As a restoration company , every year we see homes and condos that have incurred significant mold and/or water damage due to the fact that the home was not properly prepared before the residents returned to their homes Up North .  For The Electrical Upgrades In Your Homes By : Glyn Jones .......... - Using the great deal of electrical equipment perfectly located at the mo..

..nd Lalung tribe and in these riots more than 3,000 Muslims were killed . They were all killed in the name of Bangladeshis and there was terrible fear among Assamese Muslims too . When I went for investigation no Assamese Muslim was prepared to speak due to fear .  In 2008 too there were clashes between Muslims and Bodos clashed and around 55 persons were killed . Most of these Muslims described as Bangladeshi are those that migrated into the areaduring the British period . In Nellie , Bengali Muslims ..

..ailing Kingfisher Airlines if it fails to submit the revival plans by the end of December .  The airline has not come up with any revival plan as of now , Reuters reported citing an official of the airlines , who added that the airlines ' licence is due to expire on December 31 .  On October 30 , Vijay Mallya met Civil Aviation Secretary K N Shrivastava and had briefed him about the steps being taken to revive the beleaguered carrier .  " I have briefed him on revival and restart plan . It would be a ..

..zens . The linchpin of the project , Nandan Nilekani was also present at the conference .  This is a step at the crackdown of love affairs , that are either clandestine or in which a partner is insouciantly dallying , both of which usually end badly due to infidelity . The information in the registry wo n't be publically accessible , though .  Ramez Gurerio , a Vice President at McKinsey argued that infidelity &; failed relationships conspicuously result in productivity taking the plunge , as the empl..

..ng information such as area code or numbering changes , links to area code lists or numbering news , and subscriber number/area code formats to the extent WTNG can find and include such details .  Please note that details are missing in some cases , due to incomplete availability of phone numbering information . Also , the information is subject to some disclaimers .  At the top of each WTNG page is a block under " By Country Name " with buttons from A through Z , representing the first letter of a co..

..g to get happiness related to family and offspring . Some of your expenses might be related to some spiritual deeds .  Taurus Diwali 2012 Horoscope  Blessings of Maa Lakshmi are going to shower on you during this time . You will be able to save well due to the invention of new income sources . You will also get name and fame in society . There are chances of getting new responsibilities and promotion at workplace . Tasks initiated by you will be successful . You will take an active participation in sp..

..eir true Buddha nature .  I was well aware of the financial constraints such a wedding would bring on my family .  Hence , I started praying for an ancestral property to be sold at a best price , so that my parents do not face any financial obstacle due to my wedding .  I used to chant against all odds . My struggle became complex with each passing day . No victories as per the target dates , continuous efforts of participating in all the meetings , balancing a stressful work environment while trying ..

.. Delhi area were sold out ( unbelievably , even the ones that I had been tracking during my planning at $700+ per night were booked ) . This hotel is about 1.5 hours from the airport , and we had to use an official taxi ( although not a pre-paid one due to the distance ) . Fortunately , there are signs as you approach the vicinity of the hotel , or it would have been difficult to find ( and while our taxi driver understood spoken English , he only read Hindi , so he could not read the address on the p..

..0% confidence estimate , the person who gives the estimates must be confident that he/she will not be penalized if the deadline is missed around 50% of the time . Hence the person to whom the estimate is sent to must make sure that no penalty occurs due to the missing of the estimate .  Now once all the estimates for the individual pieces of work are taken into account , there has to be a buffer kept at the end of the total estimate . As only 50% of the work can get delayed , a 50% extra amount of tim..

..orn in February 15 , 1957 in New Delhi , India . He has a height of 1 foot 10.4 inches ( 57 cm ) tall and weighed 37.5 . He was considered as the the shortest man whose height and existence was considered and was promoted . He died on October , 1997 due to several respiratory complications and he was suffering from asthma and bronchitis . The main reason for his death was considered his chain smoking . He was identified as the ' shortest man of the world ' by the Guinness Book of World Records upto 20..

..nce my childhood , a Thailand Grand Prix and much less a Bangkok city race still would not create enough excitement to care about . Maybe it 's the fact that this country does n't have a large enough fan base for the sport .  But maybe it is also be due to the fact of how of things work in Thailand , especially if politicians are involved in the organization of large-scale international events -- or not , as the fiasco of the still unfinished Futsal stadium shows , while the FIFA Futsal World Cup is j..

.. a good place to start .  ( According to the National Disaster Management Authority " On an average every year , 75 lakh hectares of land is affected , 1600 lives are lost and the damage caused to crops , houses and public utilities is Rs.1805 crore due to floods " ) .  You are right as you said that it would be a great place to start from figuring out where the money invested for flood relief measures have gone because the media now only reporting about the scams regarding money like 2G scam , Coalga..

.. northern India and Afghanistan his Empire was greater than that under Babar .  However Akbar was n't just a great conqueror , he also proved adept at winning the trust and support of the Hindu population who came under his control . This was partly due to the many enlightened policies he introduced . For example in 1579 he abolished the Jizya , a tax imposed on most of the non-Muslims . In addition Akbar rescinded a " pilgrimage " tax payed by Hindu 's who travelled to various Hindu pilgrimage sites ..

