..idents the one that is most frequent is that of road accidents and to a reasonable extent , plane crash . You 'll have to agree that the amount of road accidents triple that of plane crash . As a matter of fact , road accident occur on a daily basis due to the appalling conditions of roads all over the country . Its as if road accidents have become a norm in the Nigerian polity ! .  However the same can not be said for the issue of plane crash , which rarely occurs , however , whenever there 's an inc..

..s to women 's husbands letting them know when their women are either entering women under their custody leave the country , even if they are travelling together  Their reason for this is that , most women would consider running away from the country due to teh stringent conditions put in place .  Prior to this , for a woman to travel out of Saudi , she needed permission from her male guardian ad had to present an infamous yellow document to airport security .  This is serious ooh  Saudi Arabia boasts ..

..16 , according to a new report from Pyramid Research ( www.pyr.com ) .  3/13/2012 Broadband Revenue in Iran to Double by 2016 , Pyramid finds Broadband revenue in Iran is expected to double from $535 million in 2011 to $1.2 billion by 2016 primarily due to broadband rollouts and rural connectivity , according to a new report from Pyramid Research ( www.pyr.com ) .  3/8/2012 Asia-Pacific Tablet Sales to Skyrocket , Driven by Emerging Markets Driven by emerging markets , tablet sales in Asia-Pacific wil..

..hooting straightaway .  ? I am very excited with the encouragement the movie is receiving and Nigerians are really warming up to the movie very much as we can see from the screening in Port Harcourt and Lagos . It was screened twice in Port Harcourt due to popular demand and I am really looking forward to taking things to the next level from there . I already have another project I would be working on next and I intend to even make it bigger and better than Anchor Baby , ? he said .  Although it was n..

..over 2.5 goals ( La Liga split their fixtures up , 4 play on Sat and 5 play on Sun or visa versa and there is a game on Monday night ) . This usually see 's odds ranging from 15/1 to 40/1 for each of the days . The reason this bet is now possible is due to the fact that Last season saw a change in La Liga , for the first time since I can remember they changed the times and days of certain matches . Before you would always find Barcelona and Real Madrid playing on the same day , commonly on Sunday even..

..fer better attacking threat to find a winner if Arsenal were to come up with another equalizer .  Strangely , though , the game took a weird turn after this substitution . Chelsea were unable to threaten from the break -- the plays broke down either due to poor dribbling or good tackling . Meanwhile , Arsenal were also making basic errors like misplaced passes , offside runs and wayward shooting . It should be noted , however , that Petr Cech pulled of two great saves in this half to keep Chelsea aflo..

..e operates his business centre . He was amazed to make the same trip then in just 10 minutes .  A cement dealer at Berger Cement , Mr. Okikiola Kamaru , told THISDAY that his business had virtually collapsed because of difficulty accessing the place due to traffic snarls . " I hope they will sustain this thing , " he said .  The port users noted that although the port was the gateway to the nation 's economy , " this is the only port in the world that is difficult to access and that successive governm..

..arried once are even worse , and u all know this is so true , I 'm very sure of dis fact ok , is it that dey dnt love dere spouses or wat is there motive ?  My dear ... You are damn right that a whole lot of men cheat today . The fact remains that , due to the fact that majority of them are unfaithful makes it impossible to accept the fact that there are yet alot that do nt cheat . I know this for sure . As much as people complain , I have never cheated people and friends like this that have never tri..

..orm Nigeria.Obj remains the best president Nigeria has ever produced , Obj was instrumental to the emergence of GEJ . If GEJ is confused , he should ask OBJ for advice , are u justifying the waton destruction of lives and properties in Plateau state due to the inaction of Mr. President ? ! please open up and be wise , tribalism will not carry you or the entire Igbo race anywhere .  Why are will like ths in ths country ? With people like Chidi the country will never move forward what does Yoruba got to..

..eported utilizing traditional farm implements such as hoes , cutlasses , axes , knives , etc . This is supported by Akinbode 's findings ( 1991 ) .  From the data it may be assumed that women farmers were not able to utilize improved farm implements due to the lack of adequate income or the availability of suitable technologies appropriate to their needs . Since women farmers use traditional farm tools , in general they spend more time on the farm than men and this could discourage them from participa..

.. . My only question to this dude is " HOW HAVE YOU TRIED TO IMPROVE HER TO THE WOMAN YOU WANT , MAKE HER THE WOMAN YOU DREAM ABOUT , THATS WAT LOVE DOES . I wont totally blame him cos on the other hand if this guy stays with this woman , and one day due to total frustration , he poisons her , we will all call him a devil . 4 ) Trust me people change , and real friendship is the only thing that can keep a marriage not even the love feeling cos feelings cant be trusted . Some of us , if you look back an..

.. Sabella Abidde  viewpoint illustration credits : Bennett Omeke  Terrorism , as social scientists and legal scholars have noted , is difficult to define . Even so , the definition that has emerged is not universally accepted . This difficulty may be due to the fact that how terrorism is perceived depends on who the perpetrator is , and who the aggrieved are . And while terrorist activities can be criminal , not all criminal activities are terrorism . Nonetheless , after the horrendous events of Septem..

..een of your menstrual cycle are optimal days for lovemaking as a woman experiences a surge in testosterone , making it that much easier for her to get aroused and reach climax . Also , during days 24 to 28 a woman is said to have an increased libido due to the nerve endings that are stimulated by the thickening of the uterine lining , which means that you can actually predict the best days to get busy !  9 . Kick Bad Habits to the Curb As if you did n't already have enough reasons to toss that pack of..

..jide , and two of her grandchildren , were on Tuesday burnt to death at her residence in Molete area of Ibadan . Eye witnesses told the News Agency of Nigeria ( NAN ) that the deceased and her grandchildren , aged six and nine , could not be rescued due to the thick smoke emanating from the inferno that gutted the one-story building . The fire , according to the eye witnesses , started around 11 p.m on Monday . A friend of the late woman , Mrs Olayinka Oyebode , blamed the incidence on power surge . S..

.. method relating regional vicinity show guidebook working together with the specific store linked to intended for where purpose are actually unquestionably eye-catching These items might be thought i would get inside of major component together with due to this fact specially low-priced which unfortunately works out towards the creator Some time in the past , the majority released several fresh NFL Jerseys in addition to saved up-to-date these kinds of men and women from your own website Tuck really s..

..al twice in the 1880s and remain their country 's oldest football club , while the 11 Englishmen came from nine different outfits including Cambridge University , Crystal Palace , Notts County and Oxford University .  Kick-off was delayed 20 minutes due to fog , but when that lifted the spectators saw the Scotland and England players in their now-familiar dark blue and white shirts respectively ; the visitors wore caps too .  The Scots dominated the first half , with Robert Leckie 's dribbling an ince..

..o Have Sex With You  1 . The first thing that attracts a person is physical appearance , so here are some pointers to make sure you are looking your best at all times . If you follow these steps , your girlfriend will think Christmas will come early due to her newly well groomed boyfriend ! Make sure your teeth and tongue are clean by brushing them twice a day . Preferably , use dental floss and mouthwash also . The results will be lovely white teeth , and besides , who would want to kiss someone with..

..tend to use to build the city , " said Ms Priscilla Musihairabwi-Mushonga from the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) party . Other Zimbabweans questioned the logic of building a new city when most of the country 's urban centres were collapsing due to the economic problems that have persisted for more than a decade . One of the leading dailies , NewsDay , in an editorial Friday accused Mr Chombo of " seeking ( President ) Mugabe 's attention and to score Brownie points while at it " by pushing th..

..ver receiving the funds , some that received the fund , still closed shop .  Aviation industry observers also cited a report which noted that about 40,000 passengers suffer daily as a result of the inefficiency in the sector .  The shortage then was due to the suspension of operation by five domestic airlines , namely Air Nigeria , FirstNation Airlines , ( Dana Air ) , Chanchangi Airlines and Associated Airlines .  The five airlines used to supply combined monthly seats of 1,174,500 from a total of 29..

..llion naira , new vehicles are out of the reach of the average Nigerian . No wonder why the importation of cheaper but used vehicles is the order of the day . The problem is that most of the used vehicles , referred to as Tokunbo , easily break down due to prolonged prior use . Some pollute the environment because of defective catalytic converters . While some Nigerians were busy flooding the country with Tokunbo vehicles , one man had the dream of building a car manufacturing plant for the production..

..and Environmental Development Agenda ( HEDA ) filed the application . The Women Advocates Research and Documentation Centre ( WARDC ) , Committee for the Defence of Human Rights ( CDHR ) and Partnership for Justice were de-listed as joint applicants due to wrong representation .  Zig Ziglar , the renowned motivational speaker and the author of " See You at the Top , " is dead .  According to Jay Hellwig , Ziz Ziglar Ziglar 's personal assistant , the motivational speaker died at the age of 86years aft..

..t and topnotch . Conversely , this has given rise to a process , referred to in certain circle as , " brain drain " , which is the depletion and erosion of the most vital components ; the youths , the educated , and the highly skilled , of a country due to immigration . I was n't much of a Biology student , but , is n't the movement of something from an area of lower concentration to an area of higher concentration called " osmosis " ? Yeah , " osmosis of talents " , the most formidable foe and woe to..

..ive to advanced age , there is that point where , biologically , your body will begin to give in to years of toil and the process of natural aging .  When one is a bit unlucky , that process of yielding to physical constraints could come prematurely due to physical incapacitation of one form or another . The reality is that one way or another , the day will come when even the strongest man will be unable to actively fend for himself . When that day comes , will you be ready ? The reality is that anyon..

..your site and felt proud to associate with you as an IGBO man . Please , how possible could you use this site to champion the course of the IGBOS in general ; especially the young generation children of Igbos whom mostly have taken to artisan trades due to parental incapability financially , to fund them through high schools .  We can still make something good from those children that have forgotten the path to light in education , and choose to trade especially since after the civil war of late 60s ...

..dor to Libya , Christopher Stevens and other American in Libya few days ago . www.naijagists.com  The alleged anti-Islam movie claims Islam is a lie and that Prophet Mohammed was a pedophile .  Innocence of Muslims movie has been rated as disgusting due to the riot it has caused all over the world .  Watch the Innocence Of Muslims movie trailer below  Innocence Of Muslims Movie Trailer : Sam Bacile Muhammad Movie  Since the onset of the violent protest about this very controversial movie on Prophet Mo..

..st of market trends . Below are some pieces of advice to assist you in doing just that !  You should not expect to create a completely new and novel approach to foreign exchange trading . Financial experts have studied non interest Forex for years , due to its complexities . Inventing your own strategies with no experience and hitting it big is not the norm when it comes to trading in the Foreign Exchange market . Becoming more knowledgeable about trading , and then developing a strategy , is really i..

..ry of the entire course on rebranding . I wonder what the Chief Rebrander is saying about all of this .  Ghana election was not too distant , but we all saw maturity displayed by those people who fled their country for greener pasture some years ago due to the socio-political and economic imbroglio and depression their country experienced . ' Ghana-must-go ' was the slogan at one time . The story has so far changed ; they have no reason to go anywhere from their country again as Ghana is settled , rep..

..76 goals &; recorded 55 assists , which immediately dismisses the notion that he 's over-rated ( Some people believe he is ) . The player has expressed a desire to join the Champions League winners , although negotiations seem to have come to a halt due to Porto &; Chelsea being unable to agree upon a transfer fee . Nevertheless , Chelsea seem likeliest to sign the Brazillian , &; there is no doubt that he would be a valuable addition to the squad .  Andr Schrrle  Andr Schrrle - Andr Schrrle is a Germ..

..he statements he made above against the memoirs of Achebe . Please let Odumakin know that NOBODY IS BEGGING HIM TO READ THE BOOK , more intellects and people whom know and accept the TRUTH would always read the book and give credit to whom credit is due to . If all these people whom are attacking Achebe have alternative views or they know exactly the comments and actions of Awolowo , should then write their own memoirs for the world to read and compare .  the problem is that yorubas are living in a li..

..cause of mass resolve to back their own man . A tree can not make a forest , therefore no way for them . " criminals "  I agree with you comrade governor . Only self deluded people refuse to see that PDP can not win genuine elections in this country due to their history bad governance and corruption . JAMES IBORI AND LUCKY IGBINEDION are shinning examples of USELESS , THIEVING leaders . Let this be a warning to GEJ and all those who believe that 2015 is PDP 's for the taking . Nigerians are DISGUSTED ..

..ut you in a " potential boyfriend " zone in her mind from the begining .  Ofcourse there are several times you will get turned down , or even outrightly snubbed.This should be expected.Its part of dating.Console yourself in the fact that this can be due to several factors .  She may be happily engaged , she is in a good relationship , she is in a bad mood , she has a terrible day , she 's on her period and is therefore moody.There are so many reasons that has nothing to do with you .  The basic things..

..r the wayfarer : ( thus is it ) ordained by Allah , and Allah is    There is a contrast between what is obtainable in our era compared to that of our forefathers.It is evident that we are in a modern era where the whole world is now a global village due to the advancement in science and technology . However , there are basic things that were common as well as unique about our forefathers . Here are some of the contrast between our era and that of our forefathers . They lived in a communal society whil..

..cassava . But , despite these high costs the nutritional value of yam is sufficiently high to justify further work into its general improvement .  1.4.2.1 General morphology and composition of the Yam tuber  The tuber shape and size can vary greatly due to genetic and environmental factors . However , cultivated forms of yam generally produce tubers that are more or less cylindrical in shape and 3-5 kg in weight . The yam tuber grows from a corm-like structure located at the base of the vine ( Figure ..

.. of vehicle used , you can earn above N 100,000 per month .  Generator importation and sales  PHCN 's problems began with the total neglect of the industry by the then military government between 1980 and 1999 . The near collapse of the industry was due to the poor funding by the government , mismanagement of the utility , corruption , poor service delivery and load shedding , use of substandard materials , electricity theft , poor revenue drive and non-payment of bills by consumers , technical and no..

..ts can be rolled over from a company or Keogh plan to an IRA and , in some cases , to defined contribution plans , but not to defined benefit plans .  You ca n't roll over amounts you 're required to withdraw after reaching age 70 or amounts you 're due to receive under a fixed annuity .  Caution : If you do the rollover yourself-personally withdrawing funds from one plan and moving them to another-the plan you 're withdrawing from must withhold tax at a 20% rate on the withdrawal . To avoid tax on th..

.. Great Lakes of East Africa , where a rich environment supported a dense population . Movements by small groups to the southeast from the Great Lakes region were more rapid , with initial settlements widely dispersed near the coast and near rivers , due to comparatively harsh farming conditions in areas further from water . Pioneering groups had reached modern KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa by 300 A.D. along the coast , and the modern Limpopo Province ( formerly Northern Transvaal ) by 500 A.D.  From t..

..n Lagos , he says : " Honestly , I am not a poet , but I have tried to venture into prose poetry , at least become the first in Nigeria , if at all there is none . "  There was a time when few voices were heard from the Nigerian literary scene , but due to the emergence of Chinua Achebe with Things Fall Apart , everything changed for the Nigerian writer , that now there are many of them like Chimamanda Adichie ( Purple Hibiscus ) , Sefi Atta ( Everything Good Will Come ) , Chris Abani ( Graceland ) , ..

..nates in literature ? Who dominates in public relations ? Who and who are the graduates in the entertainment industry ? Who are who amongst the Nigerians in diaspora ?  Moreover , there is something you may not appreciate , and that is the fact that due to unemployment , many Nigerian graduates go into business . Does this mean they are not educated ? I myself hold a post graduate degree , yet I am a business man ( I was never unemployed , just decided to go into business .  Lol. . . it all depends on..

..ute protectionism between regions . Unless regulated , global competition is likely to be unsustainable as well . Firms will tend to grow in order to become more competitive and the result will be a strict global oligarchy .  This course is arguably due to the mismanagement of Globalisation and can be reversed with a number of measures . Firstly , it is necessary that there are global institutions controlling the negative effects of Globalisation such as a World Environmental Organisation as well as t..

..ions have been reviewed .  Special mention should be made of the microbiological risk factors associated with fermented foods . The safety of fermented foods has been recently reviewed ( Nout 1994 ) . Cases of food-born infection , and intoxications due to microbial metabolites such as mycotoxins , ethyl carbamate , and biogenic amines have been reported in fermented foods . Major risk factors include the use of contaminated raw materials , lack of pasteurization , and use of poorly controlled ferment..

..andbag in mahogany is fashionable and large.The Coach bag is probably the very best choices she could make.And what different could be more significant compared to style ?  why do females find the low cost Coach Factory handbags ? I think it ' s all due to the new fashion design as well as the outstanding high quality . females alway need to be the very best stylish design on the list of glimmering gems.Using the coach handbag is sure to increase your nature .. more females are would now like to buy t..

..ite aimed at educating Nigerian investors to leverage on the rebounding stock market , said " the retail investors are the most important asset to a nation 's stock market . Nigerians are not getting the benefit of the boom in the stock market today due to lack of adequate information . "  " So , if Nigerian investors do not have adequate information , it is not going to help the market . For this purpose , Nigerian investors need a proper information source and that is what the site is trying to do ...

..nna are being treated like prosiner and they do n't even have a say in the school that they pay huge amount    MTN Group , Africa 's largest mobile phone operator , said it expects full-year earnings to rise by as much as 23 percent . MTN , which is due to release earnings next week , said in a statement on Friday it expects to reoport a rise of between 18 and 23 percent in adjusted headline earnings per share . Headline earnings , the main measure of profit in South Africa , exclude certain one-time ..

..defence than Man Utd , we have lost only one match less than Sunderland , Fulham , Everton and Birmingham . Good company ?  So , what 's my point ?  We have a good enough squad to win the title . Let 's not belittle our squad because we lost our way due to poor man management and poor tactics . This very squad was leading the table very comfortably . This squad was being hailed as the probable back-to-back champions . The analyses and odds clearly showed how much the pundits and punters rated this squ..

..is is the guy I have been looking for . This is the guy I 've been waiting for. ? Well , I laughed .  And that started my fame , my stardom , what I am and what I 've become today . The soap did n't go on air until like 1993 . It ran for just a year due to logistic problems and then became defunct . About two years later came the advent of home video .  Which was the very first role you played ? Well , I did a few which were not major roles , then I hit my major with ' Silent Night ' . After that , I ..

..der Yusuf Atanda Ayila has sent a warning note to Argentines midfielders that John Mikel Obi 's absence does not mean Eagles midfield is open following a report claiming that the duo of Veron and Mascherano are looking to handle the midfield cheaply due to Mikel 's injury .  Ayila has been a regular member of the Super Eagles since 2005 making his 29th appearance against North Korea yesterday .  The 25 year old told SportsDay that the current eagles are determined to make their pride against their opp..

..are still bemoaning last week 's defeat , it is the lingering goalscoring problems that are causing the most concern . Having long dazzled the continent with a knack of constantly finding the back of the net , Iran now see their campaign in jeopardy due to their profligacy in front of goal .  On the road to France 1998 , the team emerged the group 's top scorers with 13 goals -- 5 more than top-finishers Saudi Arabia . They racked up seven goals in the final round for Germany 2006 which sealed their e..

..675 million " current users " of Nokia Series 40-based phones globally .  Full-touch Ashas are only a portion of the Asha range -- which runs to 12 phones in total . Or it did until today as Nokia has just added another two new models to the range , due to launch in Q4 : namely , the Asha 205 , and a dual-SIM variant ( called , obviously enough , the Asha 205 dual-SIM ) which has two SIM slots to support multiple SIMs . These latest Ashas are Qwerty devices , not touchscreen handsets . But unlike prev..

..azzy &Dbanj); are not seeing it    To say that indiscipline is a disease that has eaten deep into our polity is like stating the obvious .  The syndrome has been affecting the nation to the extent that people commit atrocities and get away with them due to one influence or the other .  Hence , it will be no news to say that most of the laws stipulated by the constitution of this nation are mere write-ups on paper , because the injuctions are hardly adhered to by the citizenry .  Recall some days back ..

..ype of Hajj is Qiraan then Tamattu ' then Ifraad ( Durr Mukhtaar , vol. 3 pg 631 Darul Ma'rifa ) . Although visiting Madinah and the grave of the Rasulullah ( Sallallaahu Alaihi Wa Sallam ) is not part of Hajj , but it is highly recommended to do so due to the ahaadith in this respect , such as the ones below :  Ibn Umar ( Radiyallahu Anhu ) narrates that Rasulullah ( Sallallaahu Alaihi Wa Sallam ) said , ' He who performs Hajj then visits my grave after my death    ANOTHER LOOK AT THE PRESIDENTIAL ME..

..l isolated communities of all the aforementioned ancient peoples began to come into being throughout the Southern Nigeria region .  This isolated and stateless existence situation was changed with the arrival of fresh immigrants from the Nile Valley due to the Arab onslaught from about 640 AD . In the various traditions these immigrants are referred to as having came from EGYPT , SUDAN , &; ARABIA ( MECCA ) To clear up this point . The use of the term MECCA or ARABIA is just a reference to the EAST , ..

..the bounds of your authority , know also your office and duty , being yourselves men mortal among men , and instructors and leaders of men . And that as obedience is due unto you , so is your study , your labour , your industry with virtuous example due to them that be subject to your authority . Ye shall know always yourself , if for affection or motion ye do speak or do nothing unworthy the immortality and most precious nature of your soul , and remembering that your body be subject to corruption , ..

..ncy Refutes Cover Up Plot  President Goodluck Jonathan has vowed to identify and punish those who have stolen from the Petroleum industry , insisting that there would be no cover up in the implementation of the Petroleum Special Task Force 's report due to be submitted to him this Friday .  In a statement issued by Dr. Doyin Okupe , Senior Special Assistant , Public Affairs , he said the accusations by the Save Nigeria Group ( SNG ) and the All Nigeria Peoples Party ( ANPP ) that the Federal Governmen..

.. , dressings , and baby foods .  Oats  About 95 percent of the world oat crop is used for livestock feed ( McGee , 1984 ) . However , oat consumption as human food has recently increased to 19 percent in the United States ( Bowers , 1992 ) , perhaps due to the reported health benefits of the soluble fibre of oats . Oats thrive in a moist , cool climate and became an important crop in Northern Europe at the beginning of the seventeenth century . Oats have a relatively minor status among cereals because..

..on in spinach 16 times more protein than milk and eggs .  Start feeling more energised &; re-invigorated within a week ! ! ! !  Moringa helps in the formation of Haemoglobin and Myoglobin , which acts as an oxygen carrier in the blood and the muscle due to its rich Iron content . Iron also makes up part of many proteins and enzymes in the body and deficiency of which will cause weakening of the immune system . Iron helps in improving the mental ability by increasing the oxygen supply to the brain .  T..

.. think its funny when i hear Nigerians say , Nigeria is bad . Its funny because they are stating the obvious , however , show me a country whose history does not involve a sour patch or bad time . 70 years ago , would we have wanted to be in the USA due to racism ? In the 50 's and 60 's , New York was a war zone dues to gang/mafia wars , would you have wanted to be caught in such a place ? what about Germany and the Nazi regime ? What about the instance of violence and political instability in the hi..

..to derivation in the first republic .  Anyone who is aware of the stupendous amount of money that accrues to the Niger Delta in terms of derivation , NDDC and even help from oil companies can not honestly assert that underdevelopment of the Delta is due to lack of funds . As pointed out in an earlier related article , Rivers state alone collects more allocation than all 6 North-east states together . Akwa Ibom which does n't produce a drop of crude oil ( thanks to unfair offshore allocation ) comes se..

.. electricity productions , while Iceland produces 83 per cent of its requirements and Austria produces 67 per cent of all the electricity generated in the country from hydro .  Most developing countries in the world today are embracing hydro systems due to the elimination of the cost of fuel , with no additional economic or environmental effect . Hydroelectric plants are mostly unaffected by price fluctuations for fossil fuels such as oil , natural gas or coal , and do not require imported fuel .  Exp..

..e three types of this form of lung cancer is squamous cell lung carcinoma and this typically occurs on the middle of the lung , near the bronchus or the huge airway . In accordance with reviews , this kind of lung cancer grows gradually and is often due to smoking . Squamous cell cancer of the lung is considered stage IV lung cancer if the tumors reached the areas beyond the lungs and certain parts of the body like the brain and bones .  If ever the disorder is diagnosed while in its early stage , tre..

..radition .  While it is proper and even apposite for us to deplore our women ? s involvement in vending their bodies for whatever reasons , it is also proper for us to realize that this is a national problem , a disaster that propped up and emanated due to the unbearably harsh economic conditions caused by the many years of misrule , total subjugation , and complete economic deprivation in the hands of the despots and tyrants like IBB and Abacha . Albeit it is far from acceptable for anyone to make ex..

..ning from Borussia Dortmund last summer with high expectations , Sahin failed to make a mark at Madrid . Recently the Turkish midfielder was used as a bait to Tottenham in the deal that would bring Modric to Real Madrid . The deal never materialized due to Tottenham 's resistance . With PSG also joining to sign the Croatian , Madrid look to have fallen behind in the race . Sahin is supposed to have had talks with Jose Mourinho regarding his future at the Bernebeau and the Portuguese has asked him to m..

.. I 'll say is if you are both genuinely happy together then follow your heart . Being best friends in a marriage is a key factor to its longevity . I know folks will say he 's old enough to be your father bla bla bla ! but no one should put you down due to vast age difference . There are millions of people married to people in the same age band or slight age difference but guess what they live miserable lives and am sure you 've heard so many stories . For an older man like that , one of the benefits ..

..egotiation to bring the salaries and allowances of these workers to be at par with what presently obtains in even less endowed States of Nigeria . Congress noted that her attempts to facilitate the signing of agreement on this new wage regime failed due to the insincerity of government .  Consequently , the session decided and condemned in the strongest terms the action of the State Government to stop the salaries of workers in our Tertiary Institutions and starve their children and dependants of basi..

..portunity of the game . We were awarded a throw about 40 yards from goal and Branislav Ivanovic decided to launch a long throw into the box . The screen you see below is the first good one that I found , but I 've had to highlight the ball in orange due to the crowd in the background .  As you can see , Drogba is again manhandling his defender . The ball will come into Drogba 's chest and he 's got three teammates making perfect runs to compliment his holdup play . He 'll choose to simply lay the ball..

..he Kannywood heartthrob opened up on his career and family . He also made his views known about the much talked about rivalry between him and Sani Danja . Excerpts :  First , I must say its God that got me this far . God helped me get to this height due to the fact that I went into acting because I have a passion for it and no other reason . I did n't go into acting for fame .  HOW DID YOU DEVELOP A PASSION FOR ACTING ?  When I was a kid I used to watch TV dramas like Cockcrow at Dawn and Mirror in th..

..It was 45mins drive to Boca Raton .  My friend 's home was clean and welcoming . Tiredness set in and after dinner , we all slept off to wake up to an even brighter day . In the morning , it turned a bit cloudy and then it rained for a bit . We were due to take the kids for a dental check up and so after breakfast , we set out .  Arriving there were children of all ages . Some coloring in books that had been provided , a sign outside another door read " ALL VIDEO GAMES ARE SET ON FREE PLAY COURTESY OF..

..e committee faulted the reliance of the corporation on the FG " lines of credit " and deduction of oil revenue from the Federation Account , which it insisted , had no clear basis in the constitution .  It discovered an outstanding sum of N137.572bn due to the FG as proceeds from the sale of gas from the Bonga Oil Field by SNEPCO , which it said was obtained from the NNPC , NAPIMS Financial Statement for 2009 .  It was also part of the discovery of the committee that the FG had lost an approximate sum..

.. Indigenization of economic activity  The third plan was aided by OPEC and sustained favourable balance of payments positions , then .  The execution of the 3rd Development Plan recorded significant achievement in various fields of the economy . But due to some operational problems and many other reasons , the performance fell short of the high expectations prevailing at the outset of the plan .  With the introduction of the 4th Development Plan which coincided with the return of the civilian rule und..

..sponse to those who are arguing that the Constitution should specify " power shift " in the Constitution .  What I can say today is that the abortion of the transition was not because of the two party system or in the manner of their origin . It was due to forces extraneous to the two party system or the manner of their origin . Those forces are still with Nigerians till today and they are in search of resolution .  GENESIS OF THE TWO PARTY SYSTEM  Why the two parties ? The two political parties had t..

.. the ingestion of other nuts until the absence of reactions to walnut has been unequivocally demonstrated by properly performed diagnosis .  Cross-reactivity between tree nuts and peanut is frequently observed in skin prick tests or in blood samples due to the presence of similar proteins , but actual clinical cross-reactivity is very rare .  Patients allergic to peach ( and/or other Rosaceae such as apple , pear , cherry , apricot , plum , or almond ) :  These patients are primarily reacting to a hea..

..f the year . During the hot and short summer the nomads wear light dels made of cotton . In harsh and very cold long winters they wear warm dels made of lamb 's skin . In between during the spring and autumn the nomads wear both heavy and light dels due to highly contrast weather .  The immensely varied and rich presentation of the Mongolian nomad 's wardrobe is highly appropriate , do n't you think , considering the ancient and proud heritage boasted by these robust people of the steppes .  As anyone..

..ew  Pls do and marry now , at 30 which 1 s sleepin with every1 and testing dicks and how they widen your vagina ? Stick to sum1 you love n settle down abeg + dir r instant vag tighteners if you are interested ( we recommend dem fr women who are wide due to child birth ) so if you do n't mind lemme know so we can talk . Du n no ow we ll contact each oda though  People like you have prevented men from Marrying , you wasted your life with various men or even one ex that has abandon you . only to end with..

..ic body fat proportion than men , and as a result their bodies do n't get rid of excess fat at the same rate as men .  60 . Koalas and primates are the only animals with unique fingerprints . Humans , apes and koalas are unique in the animal kingdom due to the tiny prints on the fingers of their hands . Studies on primates have suggested that even cloned individuals have unique fingerprints .  61 . It is not possible to tickle yourself . Even the most ticklish among us do not have the ability to tickl..

.. that one ?  Decisions . Decisions . They can drive us mad . We all face them everyday , but for some of us , making up our minds causes extreme anxiety . Why ? Because we do n't trust our instincts , and we do n't believe we can make good decisions due to our past failures .  Maybe you 've had someone making all your decisions for you for so long you feel inadequate . Or maybe your impulsiveness has resulted in some adverse outcomes and you 've lost confidence in your ability to make wise decisions ...

..oldiers and that they were being coerced into signing documents .  Speaking to journalists yesterday , the North-Central Zonal Secretary for the National Union of Electricity Employees ( NUEE ) , Comrade Temple Iworima , stated that the conflict was due to the federal government directive for the deduction of 7.5 per cent from their salaries to be remitted to Retirement Savings Accounts ( RSA ) .  " We kicked against this because we have not agreed with the government to deduct any money from anybody ..

..refused to stop for routine inspection on the highway .  The Commission is more concerned with safety of lives and property on the highways than arresting violators , but the attitudes of some motorists necessitated the exercise. ? ? ? ?  Oyima said due to the rude and careless attitude of motorists , the commission had to engage the assistance of police and military personnel to ensure the enforcement of the mobile court 's judgments .  He said out of the 67 motorists whose vehicles were arrested , 5..

..sions of the Task Force . On NNPC 's role in petroleum revenues , the corporation said the allegation that NNPC increasingly relied on the Federal Government for lines of credit , which includes formal and informal loans and deduction of oil revenue due to the Federation Account was wrong .  The corporation said that NNPC , in line with the policy of the Federal Government to encourage commerciality of NNPC 's operations , has not relied on the Federal Government for loans and credit lines    My dream..

..rch This Blog  Thursday , March 8 , 2012  The Group Managing Director of the NNPC , Austen Oniwon  Oil thieves may soon run Nigeria  The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation ( NNPC ) said both its upstream and downstream operation is under threat due to the activities of " oil pipeline marauders . "  This was disclosed by the Group Managing Director ( GMD ) of the Corporation , Austen Oniwon at meeting between the management of the NNPC and the Board and Commissioners of the Revenue Mobilization Al..

..lometers to meet him in his house to collect the money . The bank he started had a lot of poor people of Kwara as depositors . Through his greed , the bank was mismanaged and these poor folks lost their lives savings.Some of them died untimely death due to the loss they suffered . Does that show you a man who cared about the poor ? What infrastructure do you see in in Kwara that can be linked to Saraki ? None ! He turned Kwara State into his personal property and subjugated the will of the people . In..

.. a jittery market and prevent prices from spiralling upwards .  Nine days later , the war began in Iraq , halting that country 's production of roughly 2 mb/d . This loss was compounded by an almost simultaneous disruption of supplies from Nigeria , due to unrest in its oil-producing Delta region . This resulted in a total withdrawal of more than 2.5 mb/d of crude from the market . OPEC rapidly convened a Consultative Meeting of its Conference on 24 April . Its Member Countries decided to raise the ou..

.. still holding fast ?  At the beginning of your business , I 'm sure you made so many resolutions , including being the market leader but 2 years down the line , are you still in the race to become the market leader or you have jettisoned your goals due to challenges ?  At the beginning of your marriage , you made a strong commitment to make your marriage work but 5 years down the line , you 're faltering on that promise .  At the beginning of your university education , you promised to stay ahead of ..

..he skills to function in the work force . The number of unemployable graduates proves that this is not happening . This is a job people , in an economy where the average youth is unemployed or underemployed , we 're turning down a perfectly good job due to an over inflated sense of the value of our qualifications .  Finally , is n't there supposed to be dignity in labour ? When did driving become something only unschooled people could do ? Do we honestly think that the guy who drives President Obama i..

..st high-profile rulings have set two stars of the national game on distinctly diverging paths in their respective futures . Ronaldinho 's Flamengo soap opera came to an end as the court ruled he could cancel his contract with the Rio de Janeiro club due to a dispute over unpaid wages .  Meanwhile , Oscar has finally been able to make his move to Internacional legally permanent after a similar problem in the early stages of his career at Sao Paulo had seen him starved of game time in recent months . No..

..uch a leader for our team , putting his body on the line for club and not hiding away when others would have , JT 's been solid this season . With him at the back we look a much better unit , and we did miss his leadership in the 4 matches he missed due to his ban . There 's been mutterings that this could be Terry 's last season , with the club wanting to separate themselves from any controversy , but it would be an unwise move to make the decision just yet . An 8 seems fair considering how well we '..

.. sensitive . Due to the severity of allergic reactions induced by tree nuts oral challenge tests are rarely performed .  Avoidance  Almond may be present as a " hidden allergen " in commercial food preparations ; a case of almond-induced anaphylaxis due to the ingestion of curry is described . Due to possible cross-reactivity , almond-allergic patients should avoid other tree nuts , such as hazelnut and Brazil nuts , unless their good tolerance has been clearly proven by reliable tests .  More informa..

..tting that away to Southampton tomorrow . Senegalese forward , Demba Ba is stealing the show this season having grabbed 8 goals already . Italy based duo of Joel Obi and Nnamdi Oduamadi have been hampered by injuries but feelers reveal that both are due to return to full fitness for Inter Milan and Varese respectively . In France , Onyekachi Apam has overcome his injury setback and would be available for selection as Rennes  Everton 's Nigerian forward , Victor Anichebe 's blistering form at the begin..

..or the year , for the quarter which ended on 31st December , 2011 , only about 46 countries have actually submitted their data and Nigeria was third in terms of GDP growth . We recorded a GDP growth of 7.68 per cent in real terms and this is largely due to growth in the non-oil sector .  There are more than 46 countries in the world ...  7.68% is good , but not the 3rd best on the planet , I can assure you . Google around if you like and you can find many higher ..  With that said , this is very posit..

..result of the encounter would come back to haunt me 15 years later and threaten to end a marriage I thought was ordained by God .  Having dinner with Ken , and seeing how dapper and handsome he was , brought back a surge of emotions I had suppressed due to my new matrimonial status . Seeing him across the dinning table reminded me of the first time we went out to dinner , which had ended with both of us having the most intimate time of our lives . Yes it was truly a marvelous time which even as a marr..

..ith these Berbers between 10th and 11th Centuries 22 . Merchant scholar community of that region is , by the 12th Century , reported to have begun travel out to some parts of Central Sudan 23 . This community may have been in Kano during the Century due to the development of some attractive occupations , trades and fertility of the land for scholarship as well . Merchant - scholar community anywhere is known to be involved not only in commerce but also in spread of their faith . It is therefore sugges..

..adly in this casino game . The majority her success occurs faster floors and walls ( challenging snooker constitution ) , despite the fact that this perfect Grand Fly rewards need formed through the Finnish Exposed ; this is really finally viewed as due to quite heavy conditions and furthermore slowness for the clay which permit your man more hours to make his own secure techniques . Most individuals now have realized Soderling pertaining to his / her casino game , informing brand-new areas such as la..

..and eye damage from ulcers on the cornea , because tears protect against infection .  It 's vital that patients have regular dental check-ups and also see an eye specialist with an interest in surface eye disease .  Another potential complication is due to the fact that as an auto-immune condition , Sjgren 's disrupts the immune system , including lymph nodes , which are distributed throughout the body and are closely related to salivary glands .  About one in 20 patients develops lymphoma , or cancer..

..ke a patient will get him additional money than if you wish to end going since you ca n't manage it .  A fantastic health care insurance tip is to take a look at health care insurance policy , each and every year . It 's very good to accomplish this due to the fact you 'll remain present and understand what your choices are . You can also discover that you 're covered for any sickness or illness Dez Bryant Jersey that you did n't know you had been protected for .  Search for a plan containing limitati..

..e . A win would boost our chances and a draw would still be acceptable.The last time we played there , it was n't a good tale so doing well would be a way to change that message . Team News Gibbs , Alex Oxlade- Chamberlain and Gervinho are still out due to injuries . Capital One Cup hero , Theo Walcott is back in the team which is good news and should play from the bench . Jack Wilshere    Work-ing with a Model For the First Time  Working with a Model For the First Time by Guest Contributor At DPS we ..

..on after having a short-lived relationship . Some people precisely ladies feel dejected when a guy sleeps with them and says he 's no longer interested , she might do all in her powers to keep the relationship , and men would not want to let them go due to the fact that they wont find another easily controlled sex partner . In spite of the fact that they do n't whole-heartedly love each other since they enjoy the free sex ; they will hold onto their partner , still hang about with each other with the ..

.. way that it massively increases costs for events like this , as well as imposes great inconveniences -- is taken as a given .  Unfortunately , there 's no easy fix . Even if you did n't have the threat of terrorism , security outlays would be large due to concerns about crime , crowd control , and maniacs who ca n't be classified as terrorists ( such as what we just witnessed in Aurora , Colorado ) . However , looking for ways to reduce these costs moving forward is vital . In looking at security mea..

..the Ijaws . The major occupation of the people is subsistence farming and fishing . Decades of incessant oil spills have damaged their means of subsistence . The people are also contending with acid rain caused by gross gas flaring . Much of this is due to many years of slack adherence to international environmental standards .  Angered by the destruction and neglect of their homelands , some of the people have acted out of desperation and disrupted oil production by vandalizing pipelines and taking o..

..ch when abounding when lath that you choose to accordance by using chargeless aliment when have the ability when timeless aural every moving forward aeon around acclimation so that you can acceding you actually around adeptness this its adeptness is due to in fact inside of a revised organization outside comfortable Longchamp handbag Accoutrements you could possibly get inside of a acclimatized belted local retailer . A next correctness bean Longchamp Travelling bag armchair is definitely very best to..

.. system of government and still claim that the country is a Federation . The fact remains that well meaning Nigerians want all the missing sub-sets in a Federal system in the democratic governance to be restored .  The political crises that emanated due to ethnic cum religious quest for domination led to military intervention and the Nigeria-Biafra civil war ( 1967-1970 ) . The military leadership which was headed by Gen. Yakubu Gowon was teleguided by the northern Moslems ; and saw that the centralis..

..s country 's Delegation for the first time . In doing this , he has taken over the office of Alternate President of the Conference from his predecessor , HE Derlis Palacios Guerrero , whom we wish well in the future .  Words of welcome are similarly due to HE Masoud Mir-Kazemi , Minister of Petroleum of the Islamic Republic of Iran , who is also joining us for the first time and taking over the function of Chairman of the Ministerial Monitoring Sub-Committee from his predecessor , HE Gholamhossain Noz..

..ut not as crucial as is the case in the poor , economic growth and political stability have equal position . One compliments the other .  Fiji 's tourism , and perhaps other aspects of economic activities , are today suffering from lack of patronage due to the political instability in that country today . The country 's much needed foreign exchange is fast drying out . The country may face international isolation , much more serious to the one Abacha government faced .  Why do you think the South-Afri..

