..ble ; with more decorative embellishments and exotic tonewoods . But because of its depth , balance and clarity , not to mention its ability to ' boom ' and ' whisper ' , the D-18 is the dreadnought against which all others are measured .  " No doubt owing to the scalloped bracing and freer soundboard , we find our review model behaves more like a finely tuned race engine , reacting speedily with precision and to the slightest change in dynamics . "  But what happens when its makers decide to ' update ' s..

.. barons and Lord Bishops become again what Burke tells us they once were , and exercise the power they once exercised ? I do not know . If it is at all possible they can , then , without doubt , it is the duty of all members of the third estate who , owing to the effort of intellect , or some jarring experience , have broken free from the illusions of the ' democratic ' age , to support and campaign for a restoration of all the rights and privileges of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal according to the anc..

.., 13 . But the abuse of power " by deliberate and cynical disclosure ... was not one to be remedied " by granting ILR to someone who relied on the government 's deliberate actions contrary to a statutory provision , 12 .  On the question of whether , owing to the cynical disclosure , C had made further representations capable of amounting to a fresh claim , the SSHD 's answer was that at best C 's amended grounds argued that the disclosure could prevent removal ( not pursued by C ) or it could raise the r..

..litical home is n't in the Conservative party .  The Immigration Minister , battling to implement the Prime Minister 's popular pledge to cut migration numbers susbtantially , can not assert much control over the UK 's borders with the rest of the EU owing to the loss of powers in this area under the last government .  ==========  Very simple . Take the powers back .  We pay you to exercise control . If you ca n't why should we give you any money ?  Is n't that the definition of a fraud ? Say you are goin..

..-resolution textures , superior shadow filtering , and its crisply scaled native resolution - sub-HD as it is - that looks closest of the two to the PC version 's full 720p output . Sadly , the PS3 version 's image quality suffers more than it should owing to its anti-aliasing technique , which blurs over an image operating with what appears to be a dynamic framebuffer . It 's an unsightly combination that does n't really pass muster , though running without the latest patch shows this can be undone for s..

..l consideration , firms may be more or less present ( p. 392 ) . This leads Coase to propositions very near those advanced many years later by transaction cost economics . For example , considering the use of long term contracts , Coase stated that " owing to the difficulty of forecasting , the longer the period of the contract is for the supply of the commodity or service , the less possible , and indeed , the less desirable it is for the person purchasing to specify what the other contracting party is e..

..ition to fiscal stimulus and to promote growth through tax cuts and higher infrastructure spending , while others merely said " no comment " or were " on holiday " . "  " With the UK able to borrow at the lowest interest rates for 300 years ( largely owing to its non-membership of the euro and its independent monetary policy ) the signatories are both surprised and dismayed at Osborne 's failure to invest for growth . Since the coalition came to power , the Chancellor has cut investment spending by 24.4bn..

..sh had resigned from his post , i had the thinking that he might have been met by Villa board and he 's now hoping to move by crossing border ...  To me , he 's likely to get the job . He 's got the managerial skills to be in charge at the Villa Park owing to the fact that he won , while at Birmingham , the Carling cup against Arsenal- a great achievement you might say . But we must not also forget that he relegated this same team after a run of terrible form . Whatever will happen , the board must consid..

..number/name .  For further advice , please contact Tony Dix on 01285 623000 or talk to your local police . Posted : 23/10/2012 11:00:38  The Environment Agency has confirmed that the majority of floodwaters in Cotswold district have gradually receded owing to relatively drier conditions following the heavy rain which fell over the last ... more  Cotswold District Council is asking the public to be on the lookout for symptoms of dieback disease in ash trees and to report any potential cases to the Forestry..

..th purported " medicinal " properties -- that lend them a somewhat similar " earthy " mouthfeel and drinking experience to beer even if the flavours are very different .  Flavour-wise these kinds of drinks can be a little hard to describe , however , owing to the uncommonly used herbals . All I know is that I rather like them and have done since my mum introduced me to them as a kid , by which time they were already becoming uncommon .  My favourite , and the one I tried first , was Mr Fitzpatrick 's Sars..

..ouchdown to confirm the win for Denver with the score finishing 31-19 .    Tottenham won their first away fixture of the Premier League last night at the unlikely venue of Old Trafford .  The Lilywhite 's came out 3-2 winners at the Stadium of Dreams owing to goals from Jan Vertonghen , Gareth Bale and a first Spurs goal for Clint Dempsey .  Dempsey wheels away in delight after his first Tottenham goal . Photo : dailyrecord.co.uk  It is a somewhat ironic statement from a man who has enjoyed more than his ..

.. company has no power to demand money of its customers . A state has the power to demand money of its citizens under pain of imprisonment . That 's why government debt is usually regarded as much lower risk than company shares . A company can go bust owing to a shortage of revenue . A state can only go bust by deliberately spending too much .  It is not just a case that state default is wrong . It is also the case that it is very destablising . It leads markets to ask is debt refusal catching ? Will other..

..ost appropriate and clinically efficient manner . However , I believe the CCGs will instead be relegated to the role of debt managers , with the dumbed down function of following central imperatives while taking the blame for care not being delivered owing to inadequate resources . They will be performance managed to deliver government targets ( commissioning outcomes framework ) , ensuring that there is a drive on competition internally within the NHS as well as with private providers , more private prov..

.. addiction it requires self-sacrifice . To be even competent in any game , it requires hours of practice of the mechanics , a couple of hours of study on YouTube and a healthy dose of insomnia .  While I constantly find myself in a state of disrepair owing to my ( over ) exertions , the toll it takes on a stable family life is much greater . It has been brought into stark focus for me as the release of Assassin 's Creed 3 cast its long shadow over me . It is supposed to be a casual game and to the outside..

..e annual Cost Optimization ( Reduction ) Program , together with the specific anti-crisis measures , actually yielded RUB 22.2 billion of cost saving which is much higher than the amount of RUB 11.3 billion planned for 2009 . This was mainly achieved owing to the results of the tenders for the supply of materials and equipment , completion of work and rendering of services .  In addition , Gazprom took cost optimization measures in capital construction and repair of production facilities and equipment . F..

.. given the Conservative rebels include Maastricht veterans , who know what they are doing when it comes to drawing up as many amendments as possible . This also has important implications for other large issues at hand , such as the Eurozone crisis , owing to the fact there will be less time for this to be discussed .  To what this means for the coalition . This could cause a huge rift , given that as Liberal Democrat David Laws states , a coalition involves a deal of compromise . This is particularly pro..

..r value adjustments on financial instruments of R93 million ( 2011 : R65 million ) mainly comprised the cost of forward points in foreign exchange contracts in Equipment southern Africa .  Finance costs increased by R72 million to R827 million mainly owing to higher average debt . Additional interest charges of R23 million were incurred on the debt to fund the acquisition of the Bucyrus businesses for the last three months of the year .  Exceptional gains of R190 million mainly comprise net gains arising ..

..ge SKUs based around dual-core processors with 3 MB L3 cache .  Pentium G2100T and G2120 Ivy Bridge chips supersede G870 and G860T . The CPUs even run at the same speed as their predecessors . Their only advantage is slightly better CPU performance , owing to microarchitecture " improvements " , and better graphics performance .  According to Sina.com Official prices of Pentium G2120 are $86 and G2100T are $75 .  The Pentium G645 and G645T , are based on Sandy Bridge . These CPUs are slightly faster versi..

..t , Headmistress of St Mary 's , Cambridge , Charlotte Avery outlines some of the changes her school has introduced .  St Mary 's School is based in the heart of the vibrant university town of Cambridge with its reputation for cutting edge technology owing to the presence of the University , Addenbrooke 's , the Science Parks and Microsoft Research .  St Mary 's School Cambridge is a 4 -- 18 all girls ' day and boarding Catholic Christian School with a 400-year-old tradition . Our foundress , Mary Ward , ..

..police investigation into the allegations against her . It would be inappropriate to comment further whilst the investigation is active . "  Ms Briscoe , the daughter of Jamaican immigrants , is one of the better-known members of the legal profession owing to her writing , an appearance on the BBC television programme Question Time and regular mentions in the society pages of newspapers .  Ms Briscoe 's profile grew with the publication of her 2006 book Ugly , in which she detailed a traumatic childhood a..

..itting appliance that were out of your outer . After that perhaps you should an mister system glow that is definitely due to all at once nitrogen as well as wind floral place phase on your greater air ? Them ever again prohibits people 's observation owing to remaining certainly dark-adapted . Which implies , through unpleasant throughout numerous this amazing air light and likewise artificial source of light toxins , Windows 7 Ultimate Product Key , an outside observatory dome grant most of the substanti..

..yup , gulp , started back in . Keep saying I 'm going to quit again , but have n't worked up the wo n't power . Thinking    The snappily titled and easy to read Children Schools and Families Act 2010 has landed on our virtual desks . Not yet in force owing to the impending election ( ' What election ? ' I hear you say ) the Bill made it through ' wash-up ' and received Royal Assent only moments before Parliament was dissolved , to gasps of relief all round . Or groans .  .  Its a b*tch of a document ( tha..

..ially , fewer acquaintcances and friends .  Graham Hall captured images of both striking and working miners in Nottinghamshire and Wigan . In doing so , he recorded working practices which had remained unchanged since Orwell 's observations . Again , owing to the black and white employed , as with all images in this exhibition , there is very strong sense of seriousness and starkness here . This reinforces a severe impression of the tough working conditions shown . In the case of the striking miners captu..

.. that holds back growth . The six-week Focus on Enforcement consultation starting today is part of a drive to enable providers to achieve the highest standards of care and better protect    People who inject drugs will always be at risk of infections owing to the piercing of the skin providing an opportunity for bacteria and viruses to get into the body  Dr Fortune Ncube  A report from the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) has found that half of people who inject drugs are infected with hepatitis C , one i..

..s for a shake-up to old guard of PFW were there in spades - clever layering invoking sportswear and streetwear , youth culture and at the same time , an appreciation for quality and craftsmenship that manifests itself in the careful choice of fabrics owing to David being partially based in Japan . Few designers could get away with this sort of " childsplay " styling but David 's eye for detailing and quality speaks for itself when you get up close witht he clothes . On a selfish note , David hits my own p..

..tionalism matters , but not that much  In April , Shintaro Ishihara , the fiercely nationalistic governor of Tokyo , threatened to establish municipal ownership of the three out of five Senkaku that are privately owned by rich Japanese people . It 's owing to Ishihara that the team from Tokyo has just gone to case the islands , with the aim of soon using money raised by him -- currently standing at about $19million -- to execute a purchase . Indeed , Ishihara wants Japan 's Self-Defence Forces on the isla..

..of the downward revisions to real GDP growth in 2012 are rooted in domestic developments .  Growth is estimated to have weakened appreciably in developing Asia , to less than 7 percent in the first half of 2012 , as activity in China slowed sharply , owing to a tightening in credit conditions ( in response to threats of a real estate bubble ) , a return to a more sustainable pace of public investment , and weaker external demand . India 's activity suffered from waning business confidence amid slow approv..

.. natural heir to the throne . By this policy the state of Satara was annexed in 1848 , in 1849 the state of Sambhalpur and in 1853 Jhansi was also annexed . After the death of the Raja of Nagpur in 1853 the policy claimed yet another victim . By 1854 owing to the failure to have a natural heir Nagpur too was annexed . Not only by this policy but wherever this policy did not hold , conquest was the alternative . In 1849 Punjab was annexed after the Second Anglo Sikh War . Similarly , in 1852 Lower Burma kn..

.. had been responsible for Paganini 's long delayed visit to Vienna . He first heard Paganini in the winter of 1818-19 in Rome-at the house of Prince Kaunitz . Paganini wrote : ' Prince Metternich , who was then in Rome , could not attend this concert owing to an indisposition , but came to the Palace the next morning . To oblige him , I took the first violin that came to hand and played something for him , which pleased him so much that he came again the same evening .... It was on this occasion that Prin..

..rustration of unemployment . An arresting image centres around a female worker inspecting hacksaw blades . The stark contrasts of the image colouring reinforces the bleakness of the grimy working conditions shown , thus compounding the message that , owing to economic gender inequality , female breadwinners mean poorer households .  Julian Jermain concentrated on Wigan and Rochdale , recording the deprivation that resulted from automation on labour-intensive industries . One image , striking for the compl..

..ly ' the worst October weather conditions for 64 years had to be faced by the contestants and blinding rain storms , howling gales , and morasses of mud had to be fought through by the riders . Their task was a cruel one , made worse by the fact that owing to the field of riders being weather-bound at Mt . Buffalo for 24 hours , the itinerary had to be re-arranged , necessitating one stage of 216 miles having to be covered in one day , of which over 90 miles was across the Australian Alps . Four inches of..

.. ) how the National Daffodil Society was going to exhibit in the autumn and of course should have realised it would be using bulbs - durr , silly me ; )  And finally , bearing in mind his waxwork alter ego at Madame Tussauds requires regular cleaning owing to the amount of lipstick applied to it via numerous fans , I 'm rather surprised this stand was n't inundated with women eager to add Alan Titchmarsh to their party planning ; ) Related post :  Come With Me to the World of Giant Veg - my review of a bo..

..s and would not have delivered mortgage lending .  Although targets were not met , lending by Northern Rock plc was over 20% of all mortgage lending during 2010 and 2011 . The financial performance of the business was worse than planned , principally owing to low interest rates continuing for longer than had been expected . In 2011 , UK Financial Investments ( UKFI ) , a body owned by the Treasury , reviewed a full range of options for the future of Northern Rock plc , including turning it into a building..

..ble from launch -- across both device types and suitable peripherals to make input easier -- at a price point that is competitive , then I do see it displacing notebooks and netbooks in the office . However , there may be a problem with fragmentation owing to ARM-based and Intel-based versions of the same Win8 tablets , and possible differences once other vendors launch products , which may stymie the market in a way that has caused Android to suffer to some extent . However , this may be addressed in fut..

..adda Haq -- " Our Birthright " -- that depicts real life events from the days of state terrorism in Punjab in the early 80s , has been banned in India before its release .  Banning the film 's release , India 's Censor Board says it has not passed it owing to representation of certain events portrayed in the film that the Board has found to be objectionable .  " History repeats itself when mistakes committed in history are not checked and improved upon . So , we were hoping this film turns out to be an ey..

.. . ' And I ca n't argue with those criticisms . I 'm an American , and that 's how I see Barcelona or    Tom Holland 's Islam documentary screening cancelled after complaints  A private screening of Tom Holland 's Islam documentary has been cancelled owing to safety fears .  12 September 2012  Tom Holland in the doc . Photocredit : Channel 4  The background  Channel 4 has cancelled a screening of its documentary , Islam : The Untold Story , after it caused over 1,000 complaints to the channel and the medi..

..e players should know their roles . While rotation is a part of the game , you rarely see bigger sides rotate their best defence when they 're all fit and available . You can normally pick Chelsea 's back five , suspension aside , and at the moment , owing to the fact they 're the only five we 've got fit , you should be able to pick ours ! I know Sir Alex said he needed to rest Rio and Patrice but he had the League Cup to do that ; five days rest between Europe and Chelsea would have been sufficient . I ..

..ability , azathioprine ( **26;5264;TOOLONG Laboratories/UCB 's Imuran , Eisai 's Imurek , generics ) was chosen by the highest percentage of physicians while Remicade was selected by the highest percentage of MCOs .  " This discrepancy is most likely owing to the difference in familiarity with these drugs between physicians and payers , " said Decision Resources Analyst Bingnan Kang , Ph.D . " Gastroenterologists have first-hand experience with ulcerative colitis therapies in clinical settings while payer..

..s first Eid prayers -- is also being destroyed . They could n't care less about the shrines , because their religious doctrine abhors their very existence . Oh surely this would mean Armageddon ! If the Muslim world can burn -- literally -- with fury owing to an amateur YouTube video , actual destruction of Islamic heritage from the time of the prophet of Islam should mean a unanimous call for Jihad against these blasphemers . Streets in the Muslim countries should surely be swarming with hordes calling f..

..by taste , Tom Ripley 's choices are driven purely by need . Tom is very much a sartorial portrayal of the boy next door , complete with gingham , corduroy and a palette of plain , block colours . His too is an all-American look , this time however , owing to the fact that he has never travelled and has not experienced culture other than his own . His one dimensional look and lifestyle means that he does not own many clothes and is often seen in the same brown jacket , much to the amusement of Dickie . Un..

..ng month . It is thus no surprise that bloggers and strategists for both major parties have begun to speculate about the implications of a Lib Dem collapse for their parties . Some have argued that the Conservatives stand to gain disproportionately , owing to the large number of seats in the South East and South West where the Lib Dems compete with the Tories , with Labour a distant third . If Lib Dem votes in the South East and South West head over to Labour , the Tories are the big winners , or so the r..

..es has been dealt a blow with the news that QPR striker Bobby Zamora is set to undergo surgery on a hip injury and could be sidelined for up to three months .  A statement on the QPR website read : " Bobby Zamora is set for a period on the side lines owing to injury .  " The 31 year-old striker will undergo an exploratory operation following a recent hip injury sustained in training . The injury is    Mark Hughes ' 10-month reign at QPR in his own words  Mark Hughes took over at Queens Park Rangers in Jan..

.. see how each state compares -- and the dropdown menu to see everything from poverty through unemployment to voting intentions Download the data behind this map  Comments  The percentage of Americans who pay no federal tax has tripled since the 70s , owing to the Reagan , Bush 41 , and Bush 43 tax cuts . The Washington Post 's Ezra Klein quotes a member of Team Dubya deriding tax cuts for low income workers as " welfare " only grudgingly included to enable high-income tax cuts to pass .  More than 80% of ..

.. official banks and shadow banks in the city . Not all were prepared to talk openly . Others had just a skeleton staff and were clearly doing little business . Those who did speak told mixed stories about the industry .  Trust has clearly collapsed , owing to number of bank failures . Even trade credit between companies is difficult to obtain . Still , for the remaining and better-run credit guarantee companies there is money to be made through a combination of fees and government subsidies .  But that do..

..ssociation of America .  This compares with a net profit of $4.8bn during the corresponding six-month period in 2011 .  Underwriting losses for the opening six months of 2012 were down to $6.2bn , compared with $23.2bn during the first half of 2011 , owing to the steep decline in catastrophe losses .  The sector 's combined ratio improved to 102.2% from 110.5% , reflecting a 3% rise in earned premiums to $218.94bn and a 7.6% drop in claims costs to $160.89bn .  Catastrophes during the first half of the ye..

..his illness . He improved rapidly , but did not think it well to return to Cayenne , as at that time things were not favourable for his purposes , there being a great gold excitement in Cayenne , and therefore the living had become very expensive ( " owing to the gold excitement the price of canoe travel up the rivers is prohibitive for a luckless bird collector " ) . On the whole he was satisfied with the ornis of Cayenne , and found the country very rich both in species and individuals . He thinks he ha..

..ft to my own retirement which are trickling slowly away . At which point I can finally be Anon no more .  I was going to write a long list of my personal issues in my workplace . I actually wrote it , and then decided it was way too close to home and owing to the fact that I know the officers involved , it was liable to get me into a heap of dog-doo .  I shall stick to this , then . We have some godawful , lazy CID where I work , and to discover that the investigation was headed up by a PC with less than ..

..Alloa , previously owned by Mr. Charles Pearson . After some few alterations had been made , the Coopering and Cask Washing Department was moved down to its new premises in 1919 . The purchase of this Cooperage was singularly opportune . Since 1918 , owing to the greatly increased price of export hogsheads , it had become advisable to bring these hogsheads back to this country for re-making up . Without the additional accommodation thus provided , it would have been impossible to overtake this new work . ..

..o been consistent in terms of providing adequate training for its members . It should be noted that most of the companies in which employees voluntarily leave their places of employment are characterized by lack of developmental opportunities . But , owing to the fact that the company boosts its employee 's career opportunities by offering them certain training opportunities , then these employees are encouraged to stay . It should be noted that the training schemes in this company are existent but they a..

..hat is just the point . Nobody knows precisely who he is , this mysterious exile from another world and a distant future whose adventures begin today . But this much is known : he has a ship in which he can travel through space and time -- although , owing to a defect in its instruments he can never be sure where and when his ' landings ' may take place . And he has a grand-daughter Susan , a strange amalgam of teenage normality and uncanny intelligence .  Click the image to find out more ...  50 Response..

..hebelieving and Mujahid people of Afghanistan , a great substitute for the strong , brave and warm support extended to the Mujahideen against a non-believing alliance under the leadership of America for a period extending more than a decade , . It is owing to this support , that the Jihad has reached its success . Similarly , I ask Allah , the Almighty to grant patience , steadfastness and a great reward to those families whose relatives have been martyred , wounded or imprisoned or sustained heavy losses..

..bility of mind , may indeed be earned , but they are not secured , and in time of need can not be relied upon ; and men have less scruple in offending one who is beloved than one who is feared , for love is preserved by the link of obligation which , owing to the baseness of men , is broken at every opportunity for their advantage ; but fear preserves you by a dread of punishment which never fails . "  Although perhaps he might subscribe to the notion that :  " a prince ought to inspire fear in such a way..

..se -- Keselowski fell back in the opening run of the race , falling behind Johnson 20 laps after the first round of green flag pitstops on lap 76 .  Pitstops were an issue -- or a source of issues -- for Keselowski throughout the race . A slow stop , owing to trouble with the left-rear tyre change , dropped Keselowski away from Johnson after the second stops , the time loss made more serious as the stops were made under the cover of a first caution , brought out by debris on the back straight of the 1.5 m..

..1 players into the 1st team eg jenkinson. all homegrown players should leave by 15 bcos you will NOT many if any real chances eg shelvey. henderson is over    Quartet train with first-team ahead of Schalke tie  Given the stretched nature of his squad owing to injuries and fitness concerns , Arsene Wenger called upon four members of Terry Burton 's U21 side to train with the first-team today ahead of tomorrow 's Champions League fixture with Schalke .  The presence of Serge Gnabry was already expected , wi..

..cert ...  An excellent concert and variety entertainment was given at the Empire Picture Palace , on Tuesday evening to a large audience . the proceeds were on behalf of Mr James Lathom , who has been unabble to follow his employment for ten months , owing to illness .  The Chair was taken by Dr RG Pradford , and the principal artists were ...  Working around New Road and into High Street on the 1901 census , I believe that the building was then occupied by Mr Charles Gullick , ( the name has erroneously ..

..ed in order to receive treatment for cramp , but his efforts to continue in the game were ended abruptly when he collapsed to the ground clutching his knee in the 81st minute .  " Attempts to scan Richards 's knee over the weekend proved unsuccessful owing to the extent of swelling around knee joint , but after the injury was assessed on Monday , the defender underwent surgery in the afternoon .  " Although the initial prognosis suggests that the player faces six to eight weeks out of action , the injury ..

..e consumers ' and the government 's expenditure , more and more debt has to be created in relation to the borrowers ' capacity to repay . This is exactly what has happened to us . Provided lenders are satisfied that , in the last analysis , the debts owing to them will be honoured and in the meantime interest on them will be paid , borrowing can carry on going up and up -- as it does , for example , to growing and profitable companies . Unfortunately , however , neither countries with weak payment balance..

..nical problems . When I took over as Director of Teaching and Learning earlier this year I was determined to make it work . I have long felt that many of our 4th-year students were losing out on some advanced topics , especially in particle physics , owing to the lack of expertise in that area here . Indeed , the lack of expertise in particle physics here in Cardiff is so extreme that our students have had to put up with being taught by me ! Likewise Swansea 's undergraduates have missed out a bit on some..

..rax , botulism and tetanus in this group reported in 2011 , but anthrax cases among people who inject drugs has re-emerged during 2012 and there have been 12 cases across Europe this year , People who inject drugs will always be at risk of infections owing to the piercing of the skin providing an opportunity for bacteria and viruses to get into the bodyincluding five in the UK .  Dr Fortune Ncube , an expert in infections among people who inject drugs at the HPA , said :  People need to be encouraged to u..

..that I am obsessed . In my opinion , The Sims is merely a passion to me , not an obsession . Thus far , I 've collected every expansion pack released for this instalment of the series . The Sims 3 : Pets has been my favourite expansion pack to date , owing to my profound love of animals . I 'm delighted that my other favourite expansion pack is finally being implemented into The Sims 3 experience . The Seasons expansion pack is a fan-favourite and including weather is something Simmers have wanted for qui..

..-- sorry that should read the division of the banks and the state ? It would seem that this problem does not exist in Britain , with the banks in the ascendancy .  As to Weidman , his problems are not European . Any shrieking from the IMF is probably owing to their being trapped next to a dangerously unstable dollar . I think he is well aware of this , and just keeping the Eurozone together until that pops will defend the European economies from much of the fallout .  Is it any wonder that Merkel plays ga..

.. borderline fascist right wing grouping , but I wonder if anyone knows anything about them - they 're quite tricky to Google ...  And choosing to snigger at the reference to Air Marshal Theodore McEvoy politely declining an association with the NVALA owing to his association with the Italic Society rather than following up this rather    November 18 , 2012  codes of the overworld  If the Sunday Times was really interested in those exercising secret influences over important institutions , it would surely ..

..p was on tap and the long legged 5th gear made for a pleasant drive at high speeds . Using the T5/AR or PG1 transmission , they had a lovely slick changing gearbox and beefier clutch but non assisted steering cars were heavy to manoever at low speeds owing to the extra weight of the engine . But even so , the 1.6 outsold the 2.0 throughout the cars timeline . Braking systems differed over the 1.6 with the addition of ventilated front discs .  Many of the aforementioned problems were down to poor supplier ..

..dia houses owe the primary responsibility and accountability to the nation and its citizens and not to Government nor to a select group of the political elite . As MISA Zambia we find it strange and wrong for the media to be biased towards Government owing to the fact that it is responsible for issuing broadcasting licenses , " he said . Mr Mwansa said it was in view of the latter that MISA Zambia urged Government to quicken the process of making the Zambia Amendment Act No 17 of 2010 and the Independent ..

.. , and psychology . His scientific study was actually done in his spare time .  His day job , which he held for almost thirty years , was as an officer in the Swedish Royal College of Mining . He had already become highly respected in this profession owing to his published books containing a lot of information and original observations on the production of iron and copper .  He thus progressed from studying inorganic nature to organic nature . He went on to study spiritual nature . He wanted to empiricall..

..gning prince , Constantino Mavrocordato III. ; and , having defeated the Turks in several pitched battles , and even penetrated into Bulgaria , they actually ruled in the country until 1774 A.D. , and introduced many useful reforms . Then , however , owing to the interference of Maria Theresa , Empress of Germany , who , as Queen of Hungary , herself claimed rights of suzerainty over Wallachia , and largely also in consequence of the passive resistance of the Porte , the Czarina agreed to the Treaty of Ka..

..LR chief executive , Ralf Speth , said the firm 's immediate manufacturing ambitions lie outside the UK , saying the firm needs to " go where the markets are " . He said JLR was proud to have added 8,000 manufacturing jobs in the UK in recent years , owing to demand from the US and China .  " Two and a half years ago we discussed closing plants here in the UK and I am happy we did not do so , " said Speth .    Opponents of the Keystone XL pipeline say it will lock the US and Canada into a high-carbon futu..

..casions too , but the record of those letters happens to survive ( Edward gave a messenger five shillings to ride from Sheen to Marlborough " to his daughters , with letters from the king " ) . He arranged excellent marriages , which did n't go ahead owing to his deposition , for Eleanor and Joan with King Alfonso XI of Castile and the future King Pedro IV of Aragon .  Edward 's actions during Isabella 's pregnancies indicate how concerned he was about her well-being and that of their children , and I 'm ..

..umably their first steps towards developing a weapon.34 Such an interpretation can be refuted not only due to Ankara 's warming relations with Tehran and disaffection with American and European sanctions against the Islamic Republic , but furthermore owing to Turkey 's long history of participation in non-proliferation efforts.35 The Anatolian country joined NATO within a few years of its creation and has hosted nuclear weapons under America 's umbrella for some time . Thus it seems improbable that Turkey..

..d into military testing , with army officials thought to favour the Android system . "  The devices were not , however , strictly off the shelf . They came installed with software named Nett Warrior , a programme that was thought to have been shelved owing to spiralling costs and requirements . The army originally envisioned Nett Warrior to outfit dismounted soldiers with wearable computers , although this has subsequently been scaled down to incorporate just smartphones .  The army now intends to field 6..

..ep language diplomatic . However this response is pathetic . This can not stand and I will be writing to my MP ( a Conservative -- not John ) and asking for an assurance that he will demand something stronger than ' resist ' .  If a company goes bust owing to misjudgements then the Directors may be held accountable and may be barred from Directorship for a period of years . If they continue to trade after changes in the market place , or the economic cycle have made the enterprise unviable so they can not..

..single , just about as Hollywooded-up as the 1st just one , darker as opposed to initially one particular , and Heath has been achingly fine . Right after most of his / her scenarios , I ran across by myself conducting a scared , creeped-out have fun owing to his relaxing portrayal connected with insanity . A supporting solid furthermore have a very good employment . This replacement associated with Katie Holmes with Maggie Gyllenhaal performed amazing things just for this video balanced with the precurso..

..arch 's growth strategy to focus on its scheduled services and expanding to new leisure destinations across Europe .  Being the second largest city municipality in the region and the third of northern Italy , Verona is very popular amongst tourists , owing to its artistic heritage , annual fairs , shows and operas and has been awarded a World Heritage Site status because of its urban structure and architecture .  Being in this fabulous ' city of love ' you are going to want to go all out to make the exper..

.. the irreversible damage made to the patient 's life , it is seen as too drastic of an intervention to be even used ( Quaghebeur et al 2009 ) . According to the principle of non-maleficence , euthanasia is not considered good ethical nursing practice owing to the sanctity of human life Human life is deserving of respect , despite a growing population and people now living longer than before due to the advances of technology . Each human life is of both equal dignity and sacrosanct ( Quaghebeur et al 2009 ..

..fill it with three different foods to attract a greater variety of wildlife . Or just for the novelty effect , which is actually rather pleasing . It probably also adds to the overall robustness of the tube . Alas I avoid bird food containing peanuts owing to an allergy and this means I struggle to find 3 different things to go in it ( most mixes have peanut granules in them ) . I originally stocked it with sunflower hearts and black sunflower seeds , also kindly supplied by Nature 's Feast and it was reg..

..some 46% of those moving to the UK to live and work are aged between 35 and 54 years of age . As a global financial centre , it is no surprise that 19% of expats heading to the UK work in the banking and financial services sector .  It is likely that owing to Britain being recognised as one of the centres for higher education and academic excellence , the second most likely profession is education , 14% compared to an international average of 9% , followed by those coming to work in the healthcare sector ..

..r as a gift for someone who is hard to buy for .  The facts about Hoffmann Natural Eyewear : their natural horn glasses are made from Indian water buffalo , they are still handmade in a workshop in Germany ( as they have been since the late 70s ) and owing to the nature of the material no two pairs are alike and the layers of material used to make each pair of glasses results in striking variations of colour ranging from a pale transparency through to white , soft greys through to steely anthracite and bl..

..e engagement is , its importance and why it should be in the heart of all strategic HR initiatives in modern organizations both public and private .  Meaning of employee engagement  The exact meaning of term ' employee engagement ' is very indistinct owing to its complex nature .  For example , Wellins and Concelman ( 2005a , p. 1 ) suggested that engagement is ' ' an amalgamation of commitment , loyalty , productivity and ownership " , suggesting it as a psychological state .  Both the academic usage of ..

..d all sorts of other weird and wonderful things going on .  We started off with some champagne in Diptique in Brook Street and then headed down Bond Street . The catch 22 was of course that all the shops with the fun stuff going on were in accessible owing to popularity and the ones we could get into were boring . Stella McCartney in particular had no atmosphere at all .  Jo Malone were showing off all their lovely new blackberry products -- all those autumnal fruits have got me very excited about the imp..

..atch up with them  point of correction ; united have never won the epl on merit for once . United do nt produce players more than westham and arsenal , they only win matches with the help of refs . And u cant say ferg is the best manager in the epl , owing to the fact that he have spent 26 years with the club only 2 european awards . And remember his ist 7 to 8 years with united was trophyless . I rest my case  I am not a Man Utd fan , or a Fergie fan , but you sound ridiculous . He has ONLY won 2 Champs ..

..s less on bulking up , than toning and achieving flexibility . Women are more likely to incur injuries by lifting too much , too soon as they build up .  Men are somewhat less flexible on average , partly due to natural differences in joints , partly owing to attitude . Men tend more often than women to short change their warm-up routines , including essential stretching exercises .  All these differences ( and many more ) are a matter of degree , of course . Both men and women can benefit by adapting som..

..very needs of today 's IT organizations , which lowers the cost of operations as well as management .  The management costs of such a new breed of application delivery controller are inherently lower than a traditional application delivery solution , owing to its virtualized architecture and the ability for the device -- and IT manager -- to manage the system as a single entity rather than as individual blades in a larger system . This reduces the amount of management necessary , and in turn reduces the c..

..ish to use any of the photographs or text    November 05 , 2012  autumn attire  Hello again . It 's been too long , how are things with you ?  Here life has been meandering along full of the usual stuff , infact it has been a bit more full than usual owing to the half term school break last week , which accounts for my absence . Amy was in a play at the local theatre which kept her busy for most of the week and I kept Toby occupied with lots of walks in the woods . I took my camera each time because the t..

..crew are not allowed to go ashore , unless in the event of an emergency which should be duly informed to immigration for their evaluation and permission .  - Health : It was determined by the STJ ( Superior Tribunal of Justice ) on 06 Aug 2012 , that owing to the current strike movement of the Port Health officers , which started on 16 July 2012 , the servants should keep at least 70% ( seventy per cent ) of their staff , working normally in order to guarantee the activities in ports , airports , borders ..

..ng care of their temporary new owners .  No matter how Raymond McCadden , owner of the Dogs4Us business who put FIVE of his previous companies , including the last incarnation of Dogs4Us into liquidation , leaving total debts of at least 1.63 MILLION owing to HM Revenue &; Customs and other creditors , would like to dress it up , nothing could be further from reality .  Notice in Dogs4Us warehouse  Picture instead a man with a van loaded with dog cages trailing around innumerable breeders in Carmarthenshi..

..the issue of so-called physician-assisted dying , sometimes called " physician-assisted suicide " -- an enormously heated controversy both outside and within the medical profession . In my home state , Massachusetts , the issue has come to the fore , owing to a November ballot initiative for a measure that would allow terminally ill patients to be prescribed lethal drugs . A closely related bill ( H.3884 ) has also come before the Massachusetts Legislature 's Joint Committee on the Judiciary .  Similar to..

..re list is evidenced by the fact that Terry Burton 's side are back in action again tomorrow afternoon against West Ham United , with Wojciech Szczesny pencilled in to make his return from injury in goal . Burton may be forced to make several changes owing to tiredness , but his pool of players will increase shortly when Zak Ansah and Jordan Wynter make their long-awaited comebacks from injury .  Meanwhile , the U18s , now coached by Steve Gatting , continue to struggle for consistency and form , but one ..

.. from reality it is ! The more frightening thing is the lack of quality in the governmental processes that underlie big    10 Halloween Gift Ideas For Men  by HalloweenWeb on September 16 , 2012  Halloweens is one of the most anticipated celebrations owing to the fact that you find a lot of different costumes and tricks that are played upon . It is a day that actually marks the honoring of the dead people . This day is celebrated in a lot of countries and there are various different gifts that are exchang..

..was regarded at the time as an attempt to do something a bit scandalous , " says Preminger biographer and Edinburgh film festival artistic director , Chris Fujiwara . " To me , it 's a film that always astonishes and always seems fresh , much of that owing to Seberg , who is a striking and strange presence . Her character seems at once close to us and also remote ; in many ways , she 's a quintessential Preminger protagonist . "  To elicit the performance , Preminger did not spare his protege the tough ti..

..end the bass line took over the whole thing , but it 's a good'un , and will only be around for a short segment of the game , so I hope it does n't outstay its welcome . Somewhere towards end of the tune it goes all dance club for a moment . This was owing to a copy/paste error , but I liked it enough that I decided to leave it in .  Let 's be honest , we do n't expect that people will be playing Fix Fix Bang Bang music for the story , but just in case you are sensitive to spoilers , let 's just say this ..

..ire were evacuated , all of them are either staying in public accommodation ( hotels ) or with family and friends . A total of 72 properties were affected .  Electricity has been reconnected but the flats are without sewage disposal and mains water , owing to damage caused in the basement car park . Town-hall workers who moved in this morning to reinforce the ceiling using building joists and wooden beams , finished around midday today , in time for the arrival of experts from the investigations branch of..

..s ride , taking him to awards at varsity level soccer in India ( a country with FIFA ranking 164 ) , and playing league cricket in USA for two different states ( a country which has been banned twice by ICC ) . He retired by volition , aged only 27 , owing to injuries and sunburn . When he is n't sipping Mojitos on South    One of the first lessons batting coach Gooch always gave a young Cook was ' make it a daddy ' . The lesson was n't lost on Cook . His talent was always earmarked for high honors by cou..

.. behind every year by UK firms that simply choose to close down .  Experian 's BusinessIQ analysis reveals for the first time that among the business closures that were until today thought to be benign , billions of pounds worth of debt is left still owing to existing firms .  The analysis looked at millions of supposedly solvent firms that have decided to close down voluntarily and have applied to be struck off the Companies House register since 2000 . It found that each year around 13 per cent of these ..

.. natural habitat on the shed wall would calm them down a little .  2 . I thought you were a lot shorter than you actually are when I met    Canada 's Most Exciting Irish Themed Slots  St. Patrick 's Day on March 17th is always a big event in Canada , owing to the large Irish population in the country and , in all honesty , the fact that it is a perfect excuse to have a good time . Even for other players , there are numerous associations with the Irish , particularly luck . As luck forms a major part of su..

..is the reality of the situation . It is cheaper to lay her up than to use her . This does cause capacity problems though . I am helping the owners of a small yacht next week-end across the channel to Dieppe ; ( weather dependent of course ! ) ... but owing to the passenger capacity of the Seven Sisters I am unable to purchase a ticket on either the saturday or sunday afternoon sailings back to Newhaven ....  I can come back at 05.30 though  When I worked at Newhaven many years ago , a two ship operation w..

..We will all miss him deeply    Abstract  Severe sepsis can be a catastrophic condition that is often associated with poor outcomes . The early diagnosis and management of the condition are vital in order to improve the chances of survival . However , owing to the syndromal nature of its definition and the lack of a biomarker able to accurately confirm the condition , the diagnosis of sepsis is challenging . Even more challenging is the prediction of how these patients will respond to the therapy and wheth..

..en new Nuclear Power stations entered the mill and popped out all over the shop , being greeted with ridicule , dismissiveness , anger and despair .  When the Energy Supply companies started going into " free capital " meltdown over new investments , owing to issues concerning insurance and the general Economy , there was concern that they would n't come along with the new Nuclear plan .  The Government kept pumping out the information that we should have at least four new Nuclear Power stations . How cri..

..nse built context .  Like its neighbours , the lines of the new building are simple , its matter is mineral ( concrete ) and its presence is stated without superfluous arrangements of volumes and materials .  It draws its strength and its strangeness owing to the fact that it maintains an active relationship with its neighbours . Thus , the curvature of its southern faade addresses a direct response to the large slope of the slate covered roof of the church ; the curve of its plan constitutes a natural co..

..of renewable energy like wind , solar or hydroelectric power , or to providing food for what Paul Collier calls ' the bottom billion ' -- the world 's poorest people ( Collier 2007 ) .  In 2008 , Ruth Kelly , then transport secretary , announced that owing to environmental concerns , further study had been commissioned to review the UK 's policy on biofuels , but that current commitments to biofuels were not going to be changed in the meantime ( Adam 2008 ) .  The results of this report are expected this ..

..ail and transport unions , employees , passengers and MPs , we were n't expecting an answer . Miraculously , however , we did get one . Specifically we asked them how they could think about reducing staff numbers when today 's service was disrupted " owing to a member of train crew being unavailable " . Considering this single member of staff led to ( at least ) 18 services being cut short of otherwise disrupted and 12 services being cancelled altogether , we think this must be a fairly important member o..

