..g incident but it sounds like it was handled with the utmost skill and professionalism - hats off to all concerned .  Comment number 28 .  hi peeps ! Gail , I too used to give blood especially as I have a rare group ( a neg ) but am no longer able to owing to the amount of poisons I swallow on a daily basis ! Would love to be able to help though ....  Comment number 32 .  TC - this was after I climbed down at Kennisworth castle as the battlements were too high and scary and as I was gripping my way down ,..

..option previously .  Details about compensation for customers are still being discussed by CPP , some of its main business partners , and the FSA . Some customers will be written to by CPP .  The FSA has agreed to CPP paying the fine in instalments , owing to the company 's financial position . It has    The episode , titled ' Will we survive first contact ? ' , tackles topics ranging from the creative ways scientists are honing their search for extraterrestrial life to the possibility that aliens might p..

..l photograph of the old man , with his countenance in its usual placid state ( fig. 4 ) , be compared with that ( fig. 5 ) in which he is naturally smiling , it may be seen that the eyebrows in the latter are a little lowered . I presume that this is owing to the upper orbiculars being impelled , through the force of long-associated habit , to act to a certain extent in concert with the lower orbiculars , which themselves contract in connection with the drawing up of the upper lip .  The tendency in the z..

.. . A good illustration of the correct approach is provided by Williams v A &; W Hemphill Ltd 1966 SC(HL) 31 . Contrary to the instructions of his employers a driver of a lorry deviated substantially from his route . On the detour an accident occurred owing to the fault of the driver . The question arose whether the employers of the lorry driver were vicariously liable . In a speech assented to by all the members of the House Lord Pearson analysed the position as follows , at p 46 :  " Had the driver in th..

..ace and develop an ergonomically designed item , there is an assurance your investment will last longer . Your get every dollar worth whenever you buy it . Affordable For the designs , comfort and durability of Griffey shoes , the value is reasonable owing to all of the benefits you 'll get traditional hunting had . The standards in choosing your pair of shoes should be comfort , design , durability , and affordability . Along with these criteria , this product passes the finicky taste of consumers . url=..

..d the Minia steamed for Halifax , bringing no news of the disaster .  Captain DeCarteret is of the opinion that if the Titanic went down , as there seems to be no doubt she did , that it is hardly possible for any of the bodies to come to the surface owing to the great depth of water .  The Atlantic Cable website is non-commercial , and its mission is to make available on line as much information as possible .  You can help - if you have cable material , old or new , please contact me . Cable samples , in..

..he area of cultivation much new and good corn land . Transport was developing and security of locomotion was greater . On the other hand towns were beginning to develop , and to some extent at any rate it would seem probable that inclosure took place owing to their development , and it may have been to supply their needs .  The method and nature of the inclosures during this period now call for some notice . The mode whereby these were effected at once follows in due sequence on that pursued in earlier ti..

..gs about paradigm shift - and paradigm shift is the only way we 're going to get off the road to perdition that we 're currently accelerating down .  If we could stop burning fossil fuels overnight , we will suffer a sudden increase in global warming owing to the switching off of " global dimming " : the effect of haze caused by pollution . We are damned if we continue to burn fossil fuels and we are damned if we cut them too quickly .  DoctorShadrak , I understand your cynicism , but doubt that our child..

..ome people 's claims or a freemason , and the eye in the triangle on the floor radiating light is also a freemason symbol . There is also a small village nearby by the name of temple that is documented to have a true connection to the Knights Templar owing to the preceptory that they had there . The chapel itself is also covered in various religous symbols as i have already said , and the final appearance of the room with symbols plastered all over it in very particular fashion also resembles the chapel ...

..The Leicestershire Point-to-Point season got under way with the opening meeting taking place at Garthorpe , near Melton Mowbray , when the Cottesmore held the first of five meetings to be held on this popular racecourse . The opening race was delayed owing to early morning frost in the ground but a good sized crowd enjoyed some first class racing . READ MORE  Weatherbys Chase , in partnership with www.bettrends.co.uk , is delighted to be offering subscriptions to the Hunter Chase Advisory Service , rename..

.. his Ulster heritage but also encouraged him to see international relations generally , and US policy specifically , in terms derived from traditional style British imperialism . ' ( p. 2 ) McNay 's argument deserves serious consideration , not least owing to the consequential outcomes for the United States and Britain that he perceives as deriving from Acheson 's polices in these years . The British were encouraged to devote more resources than they could afford to often hopeless situations because they ..

..p with mating at its core and , given favourable circumstances , the production of offspring , then marriage promotes the advancement of the species . Obviously this conflicts with what you say on the issue of same sex marriage , and this is no doubt owing to our differing views on what exactly marriage is . Best Gav  Many thanks for this , Gav . I 'm particularly grateful to you for sketching what I take to be the main alternative to my view of marriage , one that it 's useful to have in mind as a point ..

.. users . Sometimes people are shooting up in the streets in the back alleys . They come from all over the place , Canada mostly but sometimes the United States . It 's an area where we see a lot of blood borne diseases , such as HIV and hepatitis C , owing to needle sharing and sexual contact , and many other illnesses that are directly attributable to drug use . That 's the area where I 've worked for twelve years , I 'm not working there any more but until last year I did .  On one level addictions can ..

..ically , with the plane of vision horizontal , amounting to an angle of 2 as a maximum . This was ascertained by observing the crossed doubled image of a distant object . When the head droops forward , as often occurs with a man absorbed in thought , owing to the general relaxation of his muscles , if the plane of vision be still horizontal , the eyes are necessarily a little turned upwards , and then the divergence is as much as 3 , or 3 5 ? : if the eyes are turned still more upwards , it amounts to bet..

..e of his political and social views was derived from an article he wrote on the condition of India somewhere about 1880 . Through my friend , the late Sir David Wedderburn , I had become aware of the terrible defects of our government of that country owing to the ever-increasing influence of European planters , manufacturers , and capitalists ; and I was also a reader of The Statesman , a paper brought out by a gentleman who had been for many years editor of one of the most advanced Calcutta newspapers , ..

..is illuminating BBC series charting the history of the postal service , Dominic Sandbrook quotes the Bath Journal 's fulminations in November 1770 : " The London mail did not arrive here till near five hours after the usual time last Monday morning , owing to the Postman 's getting a little intoxicated , and falling from his Horse into a Hedge . " In other words , we have always moaned about Royal Mail ; and yet , in its 300-year history , public discontent has probably never been higher than it is today ..

..e danger to life . The crofters accordingly demand the quantity of ware to which , they say , they are entitled .  The Colbost tenants , to the number of twenty-five , also sent in a petition , in which they complained of high rents , and stated that owing to incessant tilling the land is becom-ing exhausted , and ceasing to yield that crop which they might fairly expect . In 1848 , they say they got Colbost with its old rights at its old rent with the sanction of the proprietor . The local factor , Norma..

..somes ) . An adult woman with the derivative chromosome 11 had mild mental retardation , short stature , and no dysmorphic features .  Clarkson et al 31 reported an 18 year old woman with an 11q24.3-11qter deletion and a duplication of 11p15.5-11pter owing to a paternal pericentric inversion . She had features reminiscent of Jacobsen syndrome and a head circumference on the 97th centile consistent with Beckwith-Wiedemann.  12p  A 12 year old girl and her 8 year old brother , both with a submicroscopic del..

..that they can not do themselves justice in the examination , because of their illness , degrading may be an option . With some illnesses this may allow the student time to recover from an illness , or it may allow students to compensate for time lost owing to illness .  Possible reasons why someone might degrade :  1 . Absence from Cambridge due to medical or emotional reasons , or other such extenuating circumstances ;  2 . Illness or extenuating circumstances which are having a negative impact on your s..

.. Reform Act of 1832 was the product of this process , accommodating the popular desire for inclusion in politics , while , apparently , paradoxically remaining " the most aristocratic act ever offered to the nation " , according to the Lord Althorp , owing to its maintenance of upper class privileges such as pocket boroughs .  Britain was regardless shaken from its popular political slumber . The franchise grew by 80% including a large number of middle class voters , included in the political nation for t..

.. been noticeably less Es this weekend . I did work EA7DUD on 50MHz in a brief opening yesterday and I noticed some Es around 27MHz from Italy and Scandinavia .  Having had a bad cold/cough most of last week ( I was forced to abandon a QSO last Friday owing to a failing voice ) , I 've been on 14MHz JT65A most of the weekend , often remote controlling the PC from the sofa with Pippi the cat on my lap . Some nice QSOs , most notably with LU2XPK in Tierra Del Fuego and also a couple of UA0 stations in furthe..

..hora of medications she had to take .  On checking it transpired that her dosage of anti emetics , three different types , was unnecessary and immediately two of the items were deleted from her " shopping list " of drugs .  What had happened was that owing to a couple of brief stays in hospital , due to problems with her condition , various junior hospital doctors had prescribed different tablets . The upshot of which was that when she returned home another treatment had been added to the already extensiv..

..aving the confidence do that , manning up and getting out there and going to do what they 're capable of . "  Graham revealed Luke Summerfield is on course to be available for the game at Orient after being forced to miss his first game of the season owing to illness at Bournemouth on Tuesday night .  " Luke 's going to train this morning , " he said . " He 's still a bit groggy but he 's wanted to train and get some work under his belt . It was very unfortunate for him as I think he 's been one of our be..

..cy over the next three years will be to narrow this structural deficit towards 3% of gross domestic product ( GDP ) .  Gordhan disclosed that the country 's budget deficit is now expected to widen from 4.2% of GDP in 2011/12 to 4.8% in 2012/13 , as , owing to weaker economic conditions , anticipated tax revenue for this year has been revised downwards by ZAR5bn ( USD578.3m ) to ZAR821.4bn .  The forecast for 2102/13 still implies a " robust " revenue growth rate of 10.6% over the previous year , but that ..

..e left on the two sides . The seedlings during the first year were nearly equal in height , excepting in Pot III. , Table XCIV. , in which the self-fertilised plants had a decided advantage . In the autumn the plants were bedded out , in their pots ; owing to this circumstance , and to many plants growing in each pot , they did not flourish , and none were very productive in seeds . But the conditions were perfectly equal and fair for both sides . In the following spring I record in my notes that in two o..

... Dr P. may therefore serve as a warning and parable -- of what happens to a science which eschews the judgmental , the particular , the personal , and becomes entirely abstract and computational .  It was always a matter of great regret to me that , owing to circumstances beyond my control , I was not able to follow his case further , either in the sort of observations and investigations described , or in ascertaining the actual disease pathology .  One always fears that a case is ' unique ' , especially..

..l be taken further and whether Mr Meesham will continue in his fight for justice ; if it 's not Lord McAlpine then who is it ?  OPINION :  This became quite nasty did n't it ? So what did we learn ? Has the public managed to get some kind of response owing to rumours ? We had a response from Lord McAlpine himself denying it and the rumours also forced the authorities to take the case a lot more seriously than it has done . People are now watching closely as the murky image of a possible paedophile ring pr..

..detached home somewhere in the sticks .  To achieve competitive advantage , merger and acquisition ( M &A); has become a strategic option for organizations . A phenomenal change has been witnessed in the banking industry of Pakistan in recent years , owing to the liberal reforms executed by the State Bank of Pakistan and effective restructuring of banks . On the basis of different views of authors , a conceptual framework is developed that is supported by a questionnaire . This research study investigated..

... Before I saw him , I heard one young man sum up his attainments by simply saying that he knew everything . When I reflect how immediately we felt at perfect ease with a man older , and in every way so immensely our superior , I think it was as much owing to the transparent sincerity of his character as to his kindness of heart ; and , perhaps , even still more , to a highly remarkable absence in him of all self-consciousness . One perceived at once that he never thought of  * Mentioned by Sedgwick in hi..

..neral framework for modern languages across Europe and especially in the problem of equivalence of qualifications for vocational and educational mobility . The initiative was again taken by the Swiss government , which faced this problem internally , owing to its cantonal system . After a symposium at Rschlikon , a small authoring group was charged with drafting a Common European Framework of Reference for Languages ( CEFR ) . I attempted to identify the parameters and categories needed to characterise la..

..cal class certainly ) .  &lt; sub-rant &gt; P.S. : The Malvinista 's hysterical claims that the original settlers were Argentina ( ignoring for a moment that many were not even from the United Provinces or South America ) is rendered even more absurd owing to the youth of said nation . No distinct national identity had yet asserted itself , the ' Argentines ' within the original colony were no doubt independents with no great loyalty to anyone but themselves ( as was their right , as pioneers ) . Laying c..

..on the table . The type of management I mean runs from the head management to the shop management . The lack of that managerial experience is a great drawback to production and is bound to become greater as the force of skilled labour becomes shorter owing to the increased demand . One of the greatest problems of management is how to train the skilled worker . It is sometimes assumed that the skilled worker in the machine shop can be produced only in a Ministry of Labour training centre . For the greater ..

.. with ease and certainly can not thread a needle any more . The starring due to minor cataract means driving at night is not safe . However I do not qualify to be registered disabled and when I retired before attaining age 65 last November it was n't owing to this disability .  I see little wrong , as a starting-point , with the definition " the less someone functions like a ' normal person ' , the more ' disabled ' they can be judged to be . " But this excludes the will to work factor . For some it has t..

..iovascular disease . We also excluded studies if they were carried out among single sex populations thereby preventing any internal comparison of the effects of diabetes between the sexes . We did not assess the methodological criteria of the studies owing to the questionable merit of quality scoring in meta-analyses of observational studies . 10 11 Instead we investigated possible sources of heterogeneity by comparing the results for studies combined for particular characteristics ( for example , method ..

..art to wake up even the nuclear power lobby , that there is no source of energy as expensive as nuclear power .  Dominion 's decision to shut down the nuclear plant comes after other utilities have made similar plans to shut down aging power plants , owing to low U.S. natural gas and power prices and relatively weak power demand in the Midwest that have cut into profits .  Yes , the nuclear power era starts to slowly end due to a coming lack of raw materials , higher exploiting costs of nuclear power plan..

..the States in the US got into trouble , like Greece , then there is no question that the other states would do whatever was necessary to protect the Dollar and the union . "  Yes , but most of us over here would know nothing at all about it because , owing to our structure , it happens as a matter of course .  When the issue *is* raised , there have been complaints from the more productive regions -- e.g. New England and the Left Coast -- about transferring their tax dollars to support the less productive..

.. 5 A systematic review in older people found that tricyclic antidepressants and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors were equivalent in terms of efficacy but that classic tricyclic antidepressants were associated with a higher discontinuation rate owing to side effects . 6 The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence recommends that the choice of an antidepressant should be guided by consideration of side effects and the patient 's preferences but that normally a selective serotonin reupta..

..er Education Management at the University of Bath , told the European Association for International Education 's annual conference in Dublin on 14 September that many successful initiatives to recruit more foreign students and staff had lost momentum owing to short-term appointments among the Continent 's academic leadership .  Unlike in the UK , mainland Europe 's university leaders are often elected to serve fixed terms , sometimes only two or three years ' duration , putting " a limit on what can be ac..

.. The Sun King .  With Louis ' agreement , Cardinal Mazarin ( along with the king 's mother ) governs the country until the king is twenty-three . During his reign , Louis establishes an absolute monarchy , but is almost constantly at war internally , owing to the revolts of a people overburdened by taxation and opposition from princes of the blood , disappointed from being progressively excluded from power . This process is accelerated when the king removes his court to the newly-built Palace of Versaille..

..tions additional to and quite different from the purely phonetic success-conditions to which the mere vocal uttering was subject . Yet the speaker could not have failed or succeeded in his attempt to give his companion the calendar-information , if , owing to catarrh , he had not succeeded in voicing the noises ' Today is the 3rd of February ' . Saying , e.g. giving calendar-information , does not reduce to voicing ; but it requires it or some substitute for it . Nor is saying doing two things , voicing n..

.. on its further development will be made in due course .  Armed Forces : Credit  Sammy Wilson : To ask the Secretary of State for Defence what assistance his Department provides to military personnel who are experiencing difficulties obtaining credit owing to the regular changes of address arising from their service duties . 125495  Mr Francois : This Government is committed to combating disadvantage faced by all members of the armed forces . This includes assisting personnel who are facing difficulties o..

.. earth were of exactly the same shape it is now , but did not turn on its axis , then degrees of latitude at and near the pole would really be shorter than those at and near the equator ; but the bulging out at the equator is caused by the rotation , owing to centrifugal force diminishing the force of gravity there , and causing the true sphere , which gravity would produce in a non-rotating fluid or flexible mass , to be changed into a spheroid of greater diameter at the equator , where the rotating moti..

..Justification for the Use of Statins in Prevention trial within subgroups of estimated baseline risk were published earlier . 22 23 24 Stratified analysis of treatment effects in subgroups of the total study cohort may , however , lead to imprecision owing to loss of statistical power . Moreover , existing risk scores are not available for many diseases , invalidating the risk stratified approach . Also , risk based stratification may still obscure important modification of relative treatment effect that ..

..with that in mind -- first , how can we get over the problem of betterment and compensation , and , secondly , what is to be done with regard to the planning and location of industry ? The situation has been very unsatisfactory for a very long time , owing to the fact that industry has been allowed to go its own way , so that we have had enormous congestion in the South-Eastern part of the country and in the London and Midland areas , with derelict areas which industry has left in the North and in South W..

..nclude the build-up of methane and the risk of spontaneous combustion .  The mine , which employs 150 people , has been operational since 2008 and runs deep under the Paparoa Ranges    Public suffering has continued unabated over the past four months owing to road construction and repair throughout the capital and when there is a spell of rain , it adds to people 's distress .  Today it is one of those days when commuters ' patience was stretched to the limit . Many were left stranded in the middle of wat..

..ite it for you .  When news is scarce and hard to get , Do n't grumble , I implore you . The paper need not suffer : let The Kiddies write it for you .  BRIDGES  In a paper recently read before the Institute of British Architects it was stated that , owing to the immense carrying power demanded by modern transport , steel has almost completely ousted stone as a material for bridge-building .  WHEN ingenious Man First thought of the plan Of fashioning bridges the rivers to span , He did what he could , Tho..

.. time of instruction , and to afford more room for evasions , by making so many difficult conditions necessary for perfecting the grand work , that the unfortunate gull , who had thrown away his time and his money , might believe that the failure was owing to his own incapacity or unfitness for being the possessor of the grand secret . These cheats found it convenient to make Masonry one of their conditions , and by a small degree of art , persuaded their pupils that they were the only true Masons . These..

.. for the m1 polymorphism and a moderately increased breast cancer risk in postmenopausal women was detected for the m2 polymorphism . A moderate increase in breast cancer risk for variant allele carriers can not be excluded for all four polymorphisms owing to lack of power . Additional data are required to define the precise association between this gene and breast cancer , particularly in the white population and in postmenopausal women .  CYP1B1  The CYP1B1 enzyme exceeds other p450 enzymes in both oest..

..lls them . The jellyfish used in the lamps are reared in an aquarium , meaning they have a lifespan three times longer .  They are one of the most abundant creatures in our oceans , and feed upon plankton - which itself is becoming ever more abundant owing to the agricultural industry 's reliance on fertilizers .  Their colour is determined by both their food source and their environment .  No extra light is needed - the light the jellyfish emit in a darkened room has been absorbed during the daylight hou..

.. healing wound is considered normal . In chronic wounds , the colour , consistency and amount of exudate may change as a result of various physiological processes 4 See Table 2 .  Exudate volume  In chronic wounds the inflammatory response is altered owing to an uncontrolled expression of inflammatory mediators with a concurrent increase in vascular permeability and the amount of extravascular fluid . If the wound becomes infected , an abrupt increase in exudate volume may be seen initially , followed by ..

..ion policy always has a moral basis . If , as those like Nadine Dorries claim , that basis is now moot ( babies are able to survive outside the womb earlier thanks to medical advances ) , then to adopt the principle that the law will never be changed owing to reasons of electoral advantage is to switch the basis of our legal system from a collectively agreed moral code to an exercise in amoral expediency .  In any case , areas like abortion policy ought always to be contested in a vibrant democracy . We p..

..assess the situation . "  Some of the Hearts supporters actively involved in potentially launching a takeover bid are described as having " business interests " .  The group , for the time being at least , are keen to keep their identities a secret , owing to the ? sensitive nature of talks .  It is not clear what response , if any , they have had from Romanov .  Last November , Romanov slapped an 50million price tag on Hearts even though the club 's last financial results revealed a debt of 24m .  Fedeto..

..reate outstanding dishes and Atul has been instrumental in changing the perception of Indian food in Britain with his bold contemporary cooking  CHEF TOM AIKENS  Tom Aikens  Tom Aikens Restaurant first opened its doors in May 2003 to critical acclaim owing to Tom 's innovative style and creative interpretation of modern French cuisine . On 12th January 2012 , the Chelsea restaurant re-opened following extensive renovations of the entire property . True to form , Tom Aikens Restaurant upholds the culinary ..

..perties ! ! ! ! and what happens to them when the Tenants ripe them off ! ! ! ! left with money owing from HLA/DSS that the tenants bee paid and do nt pass on to landlords ! ! ! ! ! Damage done to property bills left unpaid GAS Electric Rates , Money owing to every tom dick and harry . Courts wanting money . I do nt thoink the Tenants in most cases being ripped off just daft write ups like this being printed the whole time making them jump on band wagon . Please Publish and lets see how many landlords are..

..e in birds , one-third of the families found in the Palarctic region are not found in the Nearctic , and one-fourth of those in the Nearctic are not found in the Palarctic region . These facts prove , I maintain , a radical dissimilarity , although , owing to the fact that temperate Europe and Asia are continuous with tropical Africa and Asia , and temperate with tropical America , neither of the regions we are considering have any important families of birds altogether peculiar to them . Any of my reader..

...  This plant is monoecious , and was selected for trial on this account , no other such plant having been experimented on. *  It is  * Hildebrand remarks that this species seems at first sight adapted to be fertilised by pollen from the same plant , owing to the male flowers standing above the female flowers ; but practically it must generally be fertilised by pollen from another plant , as the  page 234  also anemophilous , or is fertilised by the wind ; and of such plants only the common beet had been ..

.. according to which published scientific paper you happen to read . All these academic scientists are doing is looking for some recognition of their work . There is 6.5% greater amount of solar radiation over the northern hemisphere than the southern owing to the tilt of the Earth 's inclination and orbit so you would expect some changes to take place naturally would n't you ?  " Anything could happen and it probably will , but increasing taxes will not make any difference ... " - Rusty , Warehouse 13 , 1..

..d of being a very expensive piece of hardware , it used software instrumentation to capture essentially the same data although not at the detail of the PS2 . The Xbox 's equivalent went on to become DirectX 's PIX , although it was much more powerful owing to the tool knowing exactly what graphics card it was running on . This meant it could do things like display the captured frame and then allow you to click on a pixel somewhere and tell you exactly how that pixel came to be rendered the colour it ended..

..veteran economist Hazem Beblawi , who will take up the finance portfolio , and Ali al-Selmy , a leader of the liberal Wafd party who has been asked to oversee social reforms . The appointment of Selmy has instantly met with criticism in some quarters owing to Wafd 's initial lukewarm support for the revolution and Selmy 's record as deputy president of Cairo University , where he was accused of using state security agents to suppress teachers ' demands .  Sharaf is expected to replace up to 15 ministers i..

.. , adopted in April 1970 by a large majority in the US House of Representatives , rejected by the relevant Commission of the US Senate in November 1970 , and definitively rejected in 1972 , despite several amendments meant to assuage the opposition , owing to a coalition between those who found it too timid and those who found it too bold . A more ambitious " demogrant " plan was included on James Tobin 's advice in democrat George McGovern 's platform for the 1972 presidential election , but dropped in A..

.. at one of the windows , on seeing such a wonderful sight , ran to call Vastolla , the daughter of the King , who , going to the window and observing the caracoles of a faggot and the bounds of a bundle of wood , burst out a-laughing--a thing which , owing to a natural melancholy , she never remembered to have done before . Peruonto raised his head , and , seeing that it was at him that they were laughing , exclaimed , " Oh , Vastolla , I wish that I could be your husband and I would soon cure you of laug..

..essfully contacted and eligible to participate in the survey , 40% indicated that they were not ( or that they were " unsure " ) . Although higher than the 30% of respondents unfamiliar with the term at the outset , this difference is not significant owing to the small size of the non-respondent sample .  DISCUSSION  Limitations  There is no " registry " of tobacco control community " members " , which calls into question whether our convenience sample of national conference attendees represents the broad..

..ple , the patient is the unit of analysis 25 , 26 . In comparing adherence rates , in contrast , the facility is the unit 27 , 28 . Although the relationship at the aggregate level does not necessarily imply the relationship at the individual level , owing to the ecological fallacy 29 , analysis at the facility level will have acceptable validity if it is accepted that the adherence rate represents the quality of care provided by the facility , and incorporates other aspects of care than those specificall..

.. Why are they under this Bill going to allow again wealth to be acquired by individuals out of public improvements , because not only will they get the development value but also the present use of the land , the value of which will undoubtedly go up owing to the acts of the public ? Can anyone deny that when we have guaranteed prices for our agricultural products , that will not affect the price of agricultural land ? If , as I believe and hope , the new Transport Bill will make for cheaper transport -- ..

..guay , ' 1801 , tom . i. p. 136 .  page 134  of lizards and various snakes , when excited , rapidly vibrate the tips of their tails . It would appear as if , under strong excitement , there existed an uncontrollable desire for movement of some kind , owing to nerve-force being freely liberated from the excited sensorium ; and that as the tail is left free , and as its movement does not disturb the general position of the body , it is curled or lashed about .  All the movements of a cat , when feeling affe..

..and man , both before and after last week 's plea . Some of those involved in potentially launching a takeover bid are described as having ' business interests ' . The group , for the time being at least , are keen to keep their identities a secret , owing to the sensitive nature of talks .  It is not clear what response , if any , they have had from Romanov but the Russian-born businessman has been perceived as notoriously difficult to negotiate with in the past . Last November , Romanov , who assumed co..

.., demands or requirements .  13.2.2 Refusal of Entry  You agree to pay the applicable Fare and/or penalties or fines whenever We , on order of any Government or immigration authority , are required to return You to Your point of origin or elsewhere , owing to Your inadmissibility into a country , regardless of whether it is a transit or destination port . In such circumstances We will not refund to You any fare paid for the relevant Flights with Us ( including any Flights that You are unable to use as a r..

..etween Germany and the rest of the Eurozone as the Eurozone 's leading country has sought to undermine the ECB 's role as lender of last resort .  The evidence of the past six months points to a shift in investor demand for Eurozone government debt , owing to the uncertainty over how Europe will deal with its problems , over which countries will remain in the Eurozone , and a banking sector crisis .  What happens in a crisis , as with a fire in a row of houses , is that if it is not stopped it spreads .  ..

.. recognized as possessing normative legitimacy for their acclaimed right to an external self-determination , and those few cases came from states or empires constitutionally arranged as federal systems . Federally arranged states partly disintegrated owing to egregious violations of their federal charters prior to their legal merge . For instance , Eritrea was an autonomous unit federated with Ethiopia under the sovereignty of Ethiopian Crown , and the ratification of their subsequent agreements was sanct..

..r dry-powder form , for the biodegradation of organic waste " . In particular , the appellate judges found that consumers would not interpret the sign in question as directly and immediately referring to the quality or intended purpose of the goods , owing to :  The Court of Cassation relied on EU case law - specifically , the decisions in Koninklijke KPN Nederland ( C-363/99 ) and Campina Melkunie ( C-265/00 ) - in finding that such considerations do not suffice to overcome the absolute grounds for refus..

..lt may well turn into a significant detection . If it does then it will be a great scientific breakthrough and they 'll have my congratulations straight away , tempered with a certain amount of sadness that there will be no UK competitors in the race owing to our recent savage funding cuts . But we 're not there yet . So far , it 's just a definite maybe .  You 're right that scientific issues are seldom black-and-white , at least at first . But beyond that , signals for new physics are likely to appear g..

.. combined with know-how ! In order that it practice , any time you Engines like google all of the Christian louboutin shoes antithesis ? You do not Christian Louboutin Daffodile Liza Pink Pumps find same in principle result , mainly because seriously owing to Christian louboutin uk ? Amines records pressure Burgher come in item abundant being familiar with within the sporting events shoes or boots together with construction dress , this unique region persists terrible in an possibility successfully design..

..cement is also thought to be an enduring one , with the research indicating no loss of function following repeated dyeing or after washing and drying .  Titanium dioxide also has applications in sunscreen , toothpaste and the lines on sports fields , owing to its function as a bright white pigment . It is also known to break down pollutants from the air and has been used in paints . It is a material we    This report outlines findings from an Ipsos MORI Social Research Institute study that attempts to ass..

..g spent Halloween in the Castro and at a nightclub that 'd given me about a thousand free-drink tickets . It turned out I was slowly coming down with The Worst Man-Flu Of All Time . My point being , people thought that maybe my lack of enthusiasm was owing to a mix of General Non-Specific Shitty Feeling and my well-known Vile British Cynicism . ( Which is bullshit . I 'm not cynical at all . Just realistic . But anyway . )  My friend had spent the last week waving her tattooed arms in the air and yelling ..

..om a common progenitor . He who admits on general grounds that the structure and habits of all animals have been gradually evolved , will look at the whole subject of Expression in a new and interesting light .  The study of Expression is difficult , owing to the movements being often extremely slight , and of a fleeting nature . A difference may be clearly perceived , and yet it may be impossible , at least I have found it so , to state in what the difference consists . When we witness any deep emotion ,..

.. largely this : We live in an age of educational progress , an age when the advantages of the higher education are more and more appreciated throughout the country , and , more than that , when those advantages are becoming more and more accessible , owing to the establishment of new universities , to the great industrial centres and to the masses of the people . The problems of education are daily becoming more urgent and more complicated , and all the more require the assistance of trained and expert ad..

..planations of reality , philosophers are concerned about what if anything makes for a true or apt characterization of reality . Philosophers have these concerns for reasons of philosophical methodology ( which we will come to in a moment ) , but also owing to the naturalness and plausibility of a certain picture of meaning .  According to this picture , the key to meaning is the notion of a truth-condition . A statement 's meaning determines a condition that must be met if it is to be true . For example ,..

..'d know that and I 'd sing cos I 'd know that and I 'd sing cos I 'd know that I 'd know how it feels to be free I 'd know how it feels to be    I am struggling to find solid information regarding a UK release date and specifics such as how and where owing to Disney Interactives whacko UK publishing arrangements .  Disney Interactive have previously only published digitally in the UK exclusively via Gamefly ( Previously Direct2Drive ) and more recently Gamesplanet . I have seen nothing to suggest this pol..

..r particularly predisposed to recurrent DKA ( Skinner , 2002 ) . In some cases the underlying reason is obvious non-concordance with insulin injections , which either leads directly to ketogenesis or puts the patient at particular risk during illness owing to lack of sufficient background insulin . However , a small cohort appear susceptible to DKA during illness and these patients must be strongly advised of the importance of self-ketone testing during illness and encouraged to access 24-hour telephone s..

..conditions . But why deny the common sense of what we already know ? The context is as important as the content . We must do what we can to    IHTM19010 - Capital debts due to the estate : introduction  The Law says that if the deceased had any debts owing to them at the date of death it must be assumed that the debt ( and any interest repayable on it ) will be repaid in full . On this basis the full value of any capital debt outstanding , together with any interest due at the date of the deceased 's deat..

.. . It was in the Crown 's legitimate interest to ensure Blake did not benefit from revealing state information . The normal contractual remedies of damages , specific performance or injunction were not enough , and the publishers should pay any money owing to Blake to the Crown .  Lord Hobhouse dissented . He would have held that since the information was no longer confidential , there could be no misuse of confidential information .  In Experience Hendrix v PPX Enterprises Inc 2003 EWCA Civ 323 a recover..

..d public whipping , which was carried out in the traditional way .  Over the course of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries the proportion of whippings carried out in public declined , but the number of private whippings increased after 1772 owing to a loss of faith in the alternative punishments of transportation and the death penalty . The public whipping of women was abolished in 1817 ( after having been in decline since the 1770s ) and that of men ended in the early 1830s , though it was not ..

..n antiques shop and soon afterwards met her husband Michael Cox . She gave birth to a son , Thaddeus , in 1979 and the couple bought the Abbey Hotel in Penzance , which they run to this day .  In recent years , Shrimpton has been labelled a recluse , owing to her disenchantment with her past and unwillingness to remain in the public eye . In an interview with the Guardian in 2011 she gave an insight into this mentality , stating : " Fashion is full of dark , troubled people . It 's a high-pressured enviro..

.. , I have spent some serious time thinking about and helping to formulate methods for communication across the long distances of the solar system .  My colleagues and I have had to re-think the basic communication paradigms for large scale networking owing to the slow nature of light speed propagation ( eg 20 minutes one way from Earth to Mars ) and disruption caused by planetary motion .  The problems only get worse when thinking about interstellar communication . Yet , these ideas must inevitably be con..

..tumor , and the clear character of the cartilage in the implantations , it is only an example of a fairly common type of tumor which is benign , for this patient is still living nine years since the last operation . I have seen other cases in which , owing to the fact that the operator had not thoroughly removed the pedicle of the tumor , recurrence at once took place . Cases are on record where these tumors at first are histologically of a distinctly benign character , and have become true osteogenic sar..

..ve about . I would appreciate your openess on this matter , as I am wondering why I have put so much time into trying to advise or inspire people , only to find my efforts have been wasted .  Yesterday there was a large amount of abuse on StageTalk - owing to the sheer volume I was having to delete whole posts and it 's possible a number of genuine posts were lost in the moderation .  I ca n't remember any specific posts of yours I 'm afraid but it 's always good to be mindful of what you are posting in c..

..s built entirely of white marble and was declared as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 . It attracts scores of tourists from all over the world . But now the monument has developed a yellowish tinge ( and in some areas ugly brown and black spots ) owing to the increased levels of pollution around the area . The main pollutant was sulphur dioxide released by the industries which later on reacted with rain water to give acid rain . Suspended Particulate Matter ( SPM ) was also one of the culprits . Thus ..

..Mary 's Church , Winchcombe , Gloucestershire , which is traditionally is said to have been made by Katherine . It contains her pomegranate badge : http : **35;8943;TOOLONG ...  So not all of her badges were destroyed . It was hard to accomplish this owing to the fact that she had been queen for a significant period of time , ensuring that her emblem was depicted in many places and on many items . I imagine that it would have also been extremely expensive to remove all the badges .  In a nutshell i would ..

..met his brutal end . Though advised not to , I viewed Tom 's body in the mortuary on his return . I opened his eyelids , and wondered what the last images those once green , beautiful eyes saw . They had now just become like two milky white marbles , owing to the passage of time .  Returning to the hotel I did n't have much of an appetite , and just felt like a stiff drink . A message had been left , asking if I could write a press statement to read out on behalf of the families of the fallen , as some we..

.. and a bi-plane .  Climb in , slam the door and you ? ? ll note that the standard Metro door trim is very close to your elbow . There ? ? s no room to flail the elbows , pre-war racing car style . You ? ? re sitting further to the right than normal , owing to the thick centre tunnel that runs down the middle of the car ? ? complete with a middle differential and shafts . The pedals , close together and quite small , are offset noticeably to the left . Even with the driver ? ? s seat as far back as possibl..

..s classical CFEOM1 , variant phenotypes have been reported as CFEOM2 and CFEOM3 . CFEOM2 is an autosomal recessive CFEOM , marked by a severe limitation of eye movements . 4 CFEOM3 applies to patients who do not fit the typical CFEOM1 or 2 criteria , owing to clinical variations ( table 1 ) . As with CFEOM1 , CFEOM3 segregates as an autosomal dominant trait . 5  Three loci have been reported : FEOM1 on chromosome 12 ( CFEOM1 , 2 , and 3 ) , 6 -- 10 FEOM2 on chromosome 11 ( CFEOM2 ) , 4 and FEOM3 on chromo..

..Institute .  " Our study offers the first genetic evidence that humans occupy a unique position in the tree of life . "  Professor Lahn 's research , published this week in the journal Cell , suggests that humans evolved their cognitive abilities not owing to a few sporadic and accidental genetic mutations - as is the usual way with traits in living things - but rather from an enormous number of mutations in a short period of time , acquired though an intense selection process favouring complex cognitive ..

..etermine their magnitude and timing .  And these interventions are likely to be effective . The markets of concern are substantially less liquid than the foreign exchange market -- indeed , the fundamental problem is that these markets are seizing up owing to illiquidity , thereby providing the rationale for the ECB to intervene in the first place ( so as to support market functioning ) . At any rate , the short end of the yield curve is the traditional realm of central bank actions and where central bank..

..ally give momentum to what we were trying to achieve .  Difficulties I encountered with the project included fitting in meetings and presentations alongside my clinical work , as it meant leaving the ward at specific times , which was n't always easy owing to the unpredictable nature of ward work . Within our pair , we had very different timetables and commitments that occasionally made it difficult to meet frequently . I think that working closely with someone from a different profession with different v..

.. inner ends become puckered into a fold or lump . This fold is a highly characteristic point in the appearance of the eyebrows when rendered oblique , as may be seen in figs. 2 and 5 , Plate II . The eyebrows are at the same time somewhat roughened , owing to the hairs being made to project . Dr. J. Crichton Browne has also often noticed in melancholic patients who keep their eyebrows persistently oblique , " a peculiar acute arching of the upper eyelid . " A trace of this may be observed by comparing the..

..e reached overshoot in the 20th century are far more likely to be a product of the artificial nature of globalism and the excesses of centrally directed fiat monetary systems driving overreliance on fossil fuel based products and food production than owing to any kind of propensity for humans to develop a die-off level imbalance between population growth and natural resources . Without the reigning top-down paradigm , any imbalances would have already largely resolved themselves .  I often found Diamond '..

..ted against criminals . At the same time , the very nature of the State poses a potential threat to society given the inevitably flawed character of the human beings who must run it . This is so because the State is essentially a coercive institution owing to its monopolistic control of the police and the armed forces . It is this monopoly of the use of force that allows it to control the currency and impose taxation , as well as helping to ensure that its laws are obeyed . Consequently , even democratic ..

..t fast in South Asia and taking the British with it .  India and Pakistan became independent in August 1947 and Burmese independence had been promised for January 1948 . Ceylon 's case for accelerated progress towards independence was anyway strong , owing to its contribution to the war effort and its good relationship with Britain . It became an independent country on February 4th , 1948 .  In Ceylon , the British were proud of their excellent relationship with the political elite and its impact on the p..

..from her side , and then dropped a stern anchor and signaled to the Herald to anchor instantly , the result being that the Portuguese lay between two fires . His game was up , but as the Redbreast passed , hailed her to bring to . That she did so was owing to the facts that the tide would not serve her any further , that the Mosquito was too far astern , and that Kearey intended to call on the Governor ; but probably the Portuguese captain did not regard the affair in that light . He boarded the Redbreast..

.. important scientific essay this year was a paper I read to the Linnean Society on " The Problem of Utility . " My purpose was to enforce the view that all specific and generic characters must be ( or once have been ) useful to their possessor , or , owing to the complex laws of growth , be correlated with useful characters . It was necessary to discuss this point , because Mr. Romanes had unreservedly denied it , and Professor Mivart , the Rev. Mr. Henslow , Mr. Bateson , and others , had taken the same ..

