..ar but it only masked declining productivity levels . " He said that after two decades the owners took a major step that revitalised the company .  EMERGENCE OF " RED STRIPE "  In 1993 , Guinness UDV bought Desnoes and Geddes , but four years later , owing to a subsequent merger with Grand Metropolitan , the international drinks giant Diageo became the ultimate parent company . Their immediate goal was to boost profits . One creative move was to rename the company Red Stripe , after its flagship beer . An..

..ll try to see all three athletes sometime today or tomorrow . Our girls did very well yesterday and I have seen all three of them , " the Jamaican PM said .  Asafa has been dogged by injury and has pulled out of a few races during the season , mainly owing to a groin injury that continues to haunt him . It is not known whether or not he will be able to run in the 4x100 relay and defend Jamaica 's title .  Monique B-Mc Remembering the days when it was all up to you to make us proud Asafa , so do n't feel d..

..e things that has the greatest impact on how well a book sells is the number and quality of reviews it has , but getting quality book reviews can be challenging .  Sure , you can purchase review packages , but you may just be throwing away your money owing to the fact that Amazon frowns upon paid reviews and is known to remove them when they are found .  Never pay for a review , not on Fiverr or any site that asks you to pay for the service , Amazon will find and remove them .  However , Amazon does allow..

..liances and automotive , both industries in which Italy traditionally has strong production capabilities and in which China is rapidly increasing its competitiveness . In terms of number of investments , Transport and Logistics is an important sector owing to the geographical position of Italy as a hub for Southern Europe . Also , Italy represents an  important market for electronics and telecommunications , which are other attractive industries for Chinese investors .  Why are Chinese companies investing..

..mbination of the German " zwei " , for the number 2 , and " gen " , to advance . In Kanazawa dialect , the phrase " tsuyoi noda ! " ( Be Strong ! ) became " tsuee gen ! " by double entendre . In German , the word zweigen actually means branches , and owing to this , a fleur-de-lis    Resource is located at an altitude of an average of 3,800 feet ( 1,200 meters ) in the Blue Mountains . The farm is just below the 100 year old Cinchona Botanical Gardens , in the Yallahs Valley . The 1.5 hour drive from King..

..fore forming his second label ' Motown ' in 1960 .  Gordy actually built his label by shaping raw , undiscovered talent . The first of such acts was a local girl singing group , The Primettes , later known as the Supremes who auditioned in 1960 , but owing to school obligations were n't signed until January 1961 .  Quite significantly , in 1960 as well , Mary Wells , who had the popular duet Once Upon A Time with Marvin Gaye , was signed ahead of the Supremes late that year . She thus became the first rea..

..ani had no difficulty in redefining the contractual arrangement en route to being put back in charge of the operation .  In 1999 , Mayor Hugh Solomon asked him to bring back the staging of the Ms. City of Montego Bay which was abandoned for two years owing to an unfortunate incident . This he did as well .  However , by the following year , Mr. Ramchandani once more resigned from all major franchises . And was probably expected , knocks could be heard pounding on his door ( so to speak ) once more as the ..

..ord Motor Co . By the way a car battery sold for $14.95 , said Ed , when he first started in the parts department in 1958 . Today , said Fries , " that    LAHORE : The local production of cars has registered a massive reduction of 22,000-25,000 units owing to import of 50,000 used cars in one year , besides hurting the domestic auto parts vending industry to the tune of Rs 27 billion .  The domestic auto parts manufacturers are feeling the brunt of this trend as the demand for locally produced vehicles ha..

.. run out at the end of September . Analysts expect a sharp reactive decline in demand and deteriorating market conditions over the October-December period , followed by gradual improvement thereafter .  " In Korea , sales recorded a temporary decline owing to the strike at Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors Corporation , but analyst expect steady improvement from here on as supply returns back to normal and tailwinds from the launch of new models including the Kia K3 ( Forte ) . "  It said that , among the emer..

..Jameson . Later Trustees included Rudyard Kipling , Earl Baldwin of Bewdley , Sir Kenneth Wheare , Lord Blake , Lord Armstrong , Lord Sainsbury and Lord Ashburton . When Mr. Rhodes ' estate was settled in 1907 , it was valued at 3,345,000 . By 1924 , owing to various charges , including death duties , it was estimated to be worth 2,276,000 , its lowest valuation . By the end of the century the endowment of the Trust stood at two hundred million pounds . The endowment is currently managed by investment man..

..k , shipping groups warned on Tuesday . Seaborne gangs are making tens of millions of dollars in ransoms , and despite successful efforts to quell attacks in the Gulf of Aden , international navies have struggled to contain piracy in the Indian Ocean owing to the vast distances involved ...  1/21/11 South Korea Makes Kim Chee Out Of Somali Pirates A daring high-seas commando raid frees 21 hostages . by John Hayward of Human Events Today was a bad day for pirates in the Arabian Sea . Somali pirates had tak..

..ca entered the colonial era , it was concentrating almost entirely on the export of raw cotton and the import of manufactured cotton cloth . This remarkable reversal is tied to technological advance in Europe and to stagnation of technology in Africa owing to the very trade with Europe . Cloth manufacture in the world went through a stage of handlooms and small-scale craft production . Up to the 16th century , that was the general pattern in Africa , Asia and Europe : with Asian cloth makers being the mos..

.. included in a printed press kit " . The electronic press kit is deemed an advantage as it contains audio and visual materials and such heighten the visibility and marketability of the artist . Another advantage is its flexibility and accessibility , owing to the    One of the important things I learned from my grandparents was the importance of ownership . Ownership comes with a great deal of responsibility . Some may shy away from the responsibility of ownership and as a result will not reap the rewards..

..ll tree has always been an inviting symbol of Jamaica . The coconut plant is one of the most valuable plants to man .  It is known to be a primary source for food , drink and shelter . The coconut tree is called ' The Tree of Life ' by many Jamaicans owing to the many uses it can be put to . This Post Card was published by Duperly &; Son , Kingston Jamaica . It was sent from to a correspondent in Jamaica on January 14 , 1929 as the stamp date indicates .  Jubilee Market , Kingston Post card showing a 1920..

..ious implications for the creation of an enabling environment if policy implementation deviates considerably from design . The benefits from early reforms were reduced since many Civil Servants did not participate in their planning and implementation owing to the heavy reliance on foreign consultants . This situation was further aggravated by the lack of support from Civil Servants themselves .  These failures have led to a continued reform effort under the PSMP , which is trying to avoid past pitfalls by..

..ns - radiates the passion she feels for reggae in every move she makes . And Magano , born Andrea Sawyers , has been making all the right moves .  Managed and produced by Le-G-Nae Records , this female singer is starting to attract a lot of attention owing to her musical accomplishments and the manner in which she is being positioned in today 's music trends . Formerly a part of Coco Tea 's Roaring Lion outfit , Magano is appreciative of the opportunity she was given to hone her skills under the tutelage ..

..ack had rumours and speculations swirling in Stony Hill and surrounding areas that the attack was stemming from a unresolved issue last year about a Chinese couple linked to the wholesale . At the time , it is alleged that the man had fled the island owing to an illicit affair .  When THE STAR contacted the Stony Hill police , an officer with whom our newsteam spoke said , " Someone was indeed shot , we are not sure if it 's the owner , nor are we sure of the creed or race , but she is now in hospital " ...

..lished by those in the plantocracies , social power and the hegemonic structure of our world reality . To an extent my mental acuteness favours Dr. Taylor 's monograph ( Taylor 2003 ) but I will go further to say that William was carefully ostracized owing to intended confusion that the social order envisage would have occurred if he were allowed to carry out his ideals . I am not postulating nor am I theorizing that the investigation carried out by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) on Du Bois e..

..period of investigation , the costs existing at the end of the latter period .  ( 2 ) The start-up operations referred to in paragraph ( 1 ) are operations that limit the level of production associated with the initial phases of commercial production owing to technical difficulties during the start-up period that are related to-  ( a ) the use of new production facilities ; or  ( b ) the production of a new or substantially different product .  9 . Determination of the cost of production  ( 1 ) In determi..

..o be the same Bill as a former Bill sent to the Senate in the same or in the preceding session if , when it is sent to the Senate , it is identical with the former Bill or contains only such alterations as are certified by the Speaker to be necessary owing to the time that has elapsed since the date of the former Bill or to represent any amendments which have been made by the Senate in the former Bill .  ( 3 ) The House of Representatives may , if it thinks fit , on the passage through that House of a Bil..

..hites in the United States the negroes do not lynch white men when they rape and take advantage of black girls ; they leave them to the hand of retributive justice .  There have been several movements to federate the British West Indian Islands , but owing to parochial feelings nothing definite has been achieved . Ere long this change is sure to come about because the people of these islands are all one . They live under the same conditions , are of the same race and mind , and have the same feelings and ..

..l , revoke any authority given under this section .  ( 3 ) The power conferred on the Governor-General by this section shall be exercised by him acting in his discretion if in his opinion it is impracticable to obtain the advice of the Prime Minister owing to the Prime Minister 's illness or absence , and in any other case shall be exercised by the Governor-General in accordance with the advice of the Prime Minister .  ( 1 ) Whenever a Minister other than the Prime Minister is unable , by reason of his il..

.. 293,682,627 ) in funding support . In the fiscal year 2009/2010 503 needy students were assisted with welfare grants valuing over $8.2 M. This represents a significant increase of 29% over the previous year . The support has been gradually increased owing to the growth in student numbers and the escalating economic hardships being experienced by students . This welfare grant assists in areas such as tuition , lunch , bus passes , rent and boarding and teaching practice expenses . Under the Earn-and-Study..

..dhood education teachers , over five years . The Memorandum of Understanding which becomes effective this academic year will ensure that scholarships are provided to practitioners in the early childhood sector , who lack the required qualifications , owing to financial constraints in accessing and or completing the required Certification Programmes .  FFP which is financing the project will disburse 50 scholarships every September and January for the next five years . Each scholarship will have a value of..

.. Example  If you add the figures you will see that the debit side adds up to $755 and the credit side adds up to $105 . The difference of $650 ( $755 - $105 represents the last two sales of $150 and $500 . They have not been paid for and so are still owing to us on 31 May 2010 . The way it works in double entry is that we only enter figures as totals if the totals on both sides of the account agree . Therefore Spencer 's account will be balanced off at the end of May in the following stages : Add both sid..

.. of divesting its assets in the coffee and cocoa industry .  During the forum Minister of Industry , Investment and Commerce , Anthony Hylton noted that investing in Jamaica had the potential of much larger markets in region , North and South America owing to the range of trade agreements the country had negotiated over the years .  Minister Hylton said , " The truth is , if you invest in Jamaica you are not just investing or exporting to the three million Jamaicans who live in Jamaica but you have access..

.. is a major , if not the defining issue in deciding the outcome of elections on the current world stage . This does not bode well for Jamaica , as we are now at the bottom of the world indices of corrupt , highly indebted and non-performing nations , owing to the pervasiveness and prevalence of our culture of " money politics " which handicaps the state in tackling crime and corruption more effectively .  The recently published Turks &; Caicos Islands Supreme Court confiscation order in the matter with Ol..

..ma City . " Red Diamonds " comes from the three-diamond logo of the club 's sponsor , Mitsubishi Group . V-Varen Nagasaki . Location : Nagasaki City , Nagasaki Prefecture . The first V stands for " victory " , and Varen is the Dutch for " to sail " , owing to Nagasaki 's heritage as port of call of Dutch traders during the sakoku period in the Tokugawa shogunate . Vegalta Sendai . Location : Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture . The name Vegalta was chosen as a homage to the famous Tanabata festival in Sendai..

.. the Archbishop reported that nearly all the buildings injured or destroyed by the earthquake had been restored or re-erected including the three principal churches in Kingston ; a few buildings were unfinished but were approaching completion ; one , owing to certain peculiar and local difficulties , had not then been begun .  The month of January , 1911 , witnessed the consecration of ten new churches ; restored churches had previously been reopened with befitting ceremony . It had been appropriately arr..

..take charge of the new station of Carmel . Mr. James Milne took charge of the Chapelton School until April 1845 .  During the ministry of Mr. Jones , a large and commodious brick Chapel was built , but it had to be taken down a few years afterwards , owing to the insecure nature of the foundation .  In 1856 , Mr. Jones left the island , and the Rev. W.J. Gardener arrived from England and took up the Chapelton work . He was a scholarly man and soon enlarged the various societies and association , which wer..

..he ' main woman ' , wife or wifey -- and many of her girlfriends -- bitterly lashing the sharer or the ' other woman ' as a scarlet woman , concubine , bit-on-the-side , man t'ief , husband stealer and matey .  However , could this be about to change owing to the scarcity of eligible black men in the UK ?  Some advocates say there is a better way to handle such situations , where men can legally have more than one wife -- polygamy .  " I think it 's a good idea and I would definitely agree that black wome..

..MSM . For example , MSM who feel that they must hide their sexuality may feel less able negotiate un-coerced sex with male partners , or MSM with higher levels of internalized homophobia may report higher levels of sexual violence and sexual coercion owing to their reported    Last week September 20th , CVM TV News in Jamaica reported that two boys were reported missing in Trelawny before their bodies were found in the Martha Brae River . Residents of the community claimed that the boys were buggered beca..

.. infrastructure is lacking , There are too many unfinished houses . . That said , I must commend WIHCON    Changing Spanish Town one youth at a time  SPANISH Town , St Catherine is considered one of the most volatile areas in which to live and work , owing to the frequent upsurges in gang-related wars there . But this has not deterred members of Twickenham Park Open Bible Church .  The congregation , headed by pastor Everal Edwards , has come up with a raft of social intervention programmes over the past ..

..seismograph instrument at the offices of the weather bureau recorded vibrations beginning at 3 hours 38 minutes 23 seconds yesterday afternoon .  Ottawa , Jan 15 .  The report of the destruction of Kingston by earthquake has caused consternation here owing to the fact that , apart from the Canadians permanently resident there , a number of Canadians are known to be on a winter excursion to Jamaica . The bank of Nova Scotia has a branch of Kingston , and of late years into that business relations have grow..

..round of manly-man discussions , laughter and catching-up ensues . Their chatter veers from Ninja Man 's recent run-in with the law to the state of hotels in Kingston to their upcoming concerts in Trinidad , where " extra tight security " is expected owing to a scheduled visit from US President Barack Obama . When their excitement dies down for a brief spell , Jah Cure is ready to field questions again . By this time , the nail technician is wrapping up her pedicure exploits , and Beenie Man and company h..

.. publish this information very useful ! I 've been looking for books of this nature for a way too long . I 'm just glad that I found yours . Looking forward for your next post . Thanks : )  Seiko watch originates from Japan . It 's a well-known brand owing to its 4 characteristics which includes long time energy storage , fast wind , high precision and scanning smooth hand . Citizen watch nowadays has become a icon of fashion . Seiko manufactures various exquisite watches , such as kinetic seiko , seiko a..

.. legitimacy of the new political institutions .  -- On the whole , then , the evidence would seem to indicate that the elections in Bosnia-Herzegovina were not free and fair , or even acceptable . Yet they were accepted by the international community owing to their presumed importance for stability and peace in the region . The lesson is clear : Elections vary so much from one case to another , with new and complicated political situations constantly arising , that previous observation experiences can pro..

..or . The following is based upon a true story . Names have been changed to avoid embarrassment .  Mary Frankson died in 1968 leaving land to her eight children , most of whom were themselves senior citizens living overseas . Her Will was not probated owing to difficulties in obtaining a death certificate . Several family members , including her grand-niece , Karen Gibson , and her husband Pastor Gibson , lived on the land for many years . Pastor Gibson offered to help obtain the death certificate and so g..

..0 years hence will probably be that there were on both sides misapprehensions , exaggerations , groundless ill-feelings , frenzy born of fear and panic , uncontrolled excitement , leading to unnatural conduct . The outbreak might have been inevitable owing to strained feelings : whether or no there was reasonable provocation for it , there is no doubt that it was purposeless and uncalled for . It was promptly suppressed : in Governor Eyre 's words , " within three days of the first intelligence of the reb..

..nd hospitality reviews . We can also provide free travel advice , resources    Cultural Attractions In Jamaica  It is no big surprise that there are plethora of cultural attractions in Jamaica for you our visitors to see and enjoy . And , all this is owing to our Jamaican culture , and its diverse historical and literature elements .  Though we are considered a small nation , there is no way one can ignore the strong cultural global presence of Jamaica .  You will find botanical gardens , museums with rar..

.. indigenous reptile in the country and  The use of the Royal Helmet and Mantlings is a unique distinction accorded to Jamaica by the British .  We learnt that the original grant of arms was made in February 1662 not 1661 . The latter year is an error owing to the change in 1752 from the old style of dating to the new ( the New Year began on March 25 so that what was then 1661 would be 1662 to nowadays ) .  Today , the Jamaica coat of arms appears on all our bank notes and coins as well as on national docu..

..e-tax loss also soared to Rs 249.534 million for the period under review as loss per share also went up to Rs 1.55 against Rs 0.36 in 2011 . View Details  LAHORE : The local production of cars has registered a massive reduction of 22,000-25,000 units owing to import of 50,000 used cars in one year , besides hurting the domestic auto parts vending industry to the tune of Rs 27 billion . The domestic auto parts manufacturers are feeling the brunt of this trend as the demand for locally produced vehicles has..

..year the country 's limiting the number of hours wom- between 1870 and 1900. es , on the other hand , responded finances began to improve , in part en and child factory workers could The first major effort to orga-that the 16:1 price ratio was nearly owing to the discovery of gold in perform to 10 hours a day , virtually nize workers ' groups on a nation-twice the market price for silver . A Alaska and the Yukon . This pro- no labor legislation existed in the wide basis appeared with the Noblepolicy of un..

.. It goes a long way in communicating . Banks use the service as well . In cases where a bank creates an account package , for instance , which is meant to target the youth , then mobile adverts become the most effective way to relay the information , owing to the fact that the youth use their mobile phones a lot more than any seniors ever do .  Mass communication  In situations where security threats occur or changes in services are made , the most effective way to notify the clients is to use mobile ads ..

..f Co(salen) can be calculated .  Electron Paramagnetic Resonance  Suppose that an electronic spin system of S=0.5 is brought under the influence of a static magnetic field H. The energy state of the system would split into two , Ms=+0.5 and Ms=-0.5 , owing to the interaction of the spin system with the magnetic field . The energy gap between the two states is ? E = 2 ? H , where ? is in Bohr Magnetons , the unit of electron spin moment . The majority of the spins of the system are in the lower energy stat..

..t as people become accustomed to , michael kors watches , He hastened to stop : the carcass , The masses were always the same , Look , moncler ! said Franz , doubtless , **35;4528;TOOLONG , the contribution to results.2. had been in for a fortnight , owing to the reports afloat , the best qualifications of soldier , louboutin , John spoke almost like an automaton : himself only knew the effort it cost him thus to refuse . ( sighs ) Well , Rachel : Okay .. It was beautiful , Fairfax showed me over the hous..

.. of the Missionary Work and Adventure , 1829-1858 ' , by Rev Hope Masterton Waddell , published 1863 --  - It is a curious fact , that out of Scotland all Presbyterians are regarded as belonging to the " Kirk " or Established Church of that country , owing to their all adhering to the old standards of doctrine , and forms of worship and church government .  - Owing , perhaps , to the number of Scotchmen in the colony ( Jamaica ) and the fact that our Missionary Society was in part connected with the Churc..

..hat heads must to get their affirm and you apperceive your family and friends in reality engage in worry approximately you . But whether they actually conclude bother than it is up to them to catch on that critiquing your consociation is your calling owing to you are the one who was really involved . Forasmuch as it is up to you to fix the tone of the conversation . Provided you do n't longing to speak about it then by all wealth let them recognize politely but firm . If you decide to gossip about it then..

.. Heavy D , the manager for fast-rising dancehall act , Tommy Lee , is today shaking his head in disbelief and utter amazement over an impending lawsuit from a promoter out of Toronto , CRV Entertainment Promo , whose show with Tommy Lee was cancelled owing to the receipt of fraudulent cheques ..  " I am wondering if he is a madman , " Heavy D told chatychaty this morning in a telephone interview .  " I do n't even know this man , but he is telling people that we are friends . I told him ' Rich , I do n't ..

.. 106-112 ) from the October 1905 issue of The Craftsman , with details about the construction . It states " The concrete was mixed in the proportion of one cement , three sand and six stone ... The consistency of the concrete was made quite wet , and owing to the scarcity of fresh water the contractors were obliged to use sea water . " So , it appears that Legend #1 is at least partially true , although we ca n't say for sure that the seawater mix is what caused the structure 's deterioration .  We can de..

..ook the Grade Six Achievement Test ( GSAT ) , 28,315 were given places in schools they selected . Another 13,343 have been placed based on proximity of their homes to schools , and 1,642 were manually placed .  Education Minister Ronald Thwaites said owing to the improved performance of students across all subject areas , many students who    Singing to the real Ja 50 tune  In this July 28 , 1962 Gleaner photograph , a boy sells mini Jamaican flags in Kingston days before the country is officially declare..

..ccording to the Tax Department when individuals or business places failed to pay their taxes , then it 's in their rights to seized assets which are use to settle delinquent tax payers unpaid taxes . However if that person decided to clear up what is owing to The Tax Department then its likely that their assets would be returned .  July 18 , 2010  Wesley Snipes Will Serve 3 Years In Prison  A federal appeals court denied on Friday Wesley Snipes ' appeal for a 3 year prison sentence . Wesley Snipes based h..

..rt House to fit in the importance of the Parish . Details in this connection will be found under the appropriate head . The plan for the construction of road from Coxheat Pen towards ? One Eye Estate ? in the Parish of St. Elizabeth was submitted but owing to its stupendous cost of construction the matter was deferred .  The sum of 150 was paid the Executor of James Lyons for land 220 by 40 feet at Rio Bueno for the purposes of a burying ground and a cage .  On 16th January , 1811 , it was resolved that i..

..hed his creative writing skills to address national topics . He the teamed up with House of Congress Label and recorded three major career making songs . The first " Land We Love " , a song sure to be remembered in Jamaican music history . The second owing to his own experiences of hardship and the hardship of other Jamaicans , " Fighting To Survive " and radio disc jocks ' favorite " I See Them Crying " . These were songs that propelled the deejay to new places and audiences . Continuing his agitation an..

..destroying the back settlements , the Parish is still under the necessity of continuing to fit out parties at very great expense . On the whole it appears to your Board that the discouragement at present to the settlements of the backlands , has been owing to the Runaways who are the remains of those who had been with the Maroons and that there are a great many who would return to their settlements as well as others who would be ready to commence settlements , were they to obtain the protection which had ..

..up to woo him back to the senior Reggae Boyz programme , star striker Marlon King has thrown a curve ball -- announcing his retirement from international football . The 32-year-old baller , who was omitted from the squad 's last couple of big matches owing to his suspension , made the surprising announcement on Sunday via the statement below : " It is with the deepest regret that I Marlon King have today decided to retire myself from international football . I have always given my all to the Jamaican foot..

..den Plaza last Sunday , in second-round action of the Jamaica Skittles Federation White Overproof Rum competition . This was one of three close results among top Premier League teams on Sunday .  The matches scheduled for tomorrow have been postponed owing to funeral for the late Mystic and Rowe 's Strikers female player , Sonia Blair , who died recently after a short illness . The Jamaica Skittles Federation has extended condolences to her family .  The Gleaner edge Red Stripe in KO football  Defending c..

.. of divesting its assets in the coffee and cocoa industry .  During the forum Minister of Industry , Investment and Commerce , Anthony Hylton noted that investing in Jamaica had the potential of much larger markets in region , North and South America owing to the range of trade agreements the country had negotiated over the years .  Minister Hylton said , ? The truth is , if you invest in Jamaica you are not just investing or exporting to the three million Jamaicans who live in Jamaica but you have access..

..ng tax sums . He thereafter , made an appointment to have a meeting with the prime minister at that time , Eddie Seaga , at Jamaica House and after speaking to him requesting some form of government assistance in writing down that tax amount that was owing to the inland revenue department , Mr. Seaga firmly told him that his best advice to him was for him to get the services of a very good tax attorney and tackle his tax problems from that angle because there was nothing that he ( Seaga ) could do to assi..

.. .  And both concur that September and October being the renowned challenging months for the industry was the perfect time to expose the product to those who sell it .  They argue that these familiarisation trips were even more pivotal at this time , owing to the fact it is an election year in the United States , and " People are not thinking travel , so it suits us to put an additional crank into the system " .  " I feel the 800 figure now confirmed , could move up to 1,000 agents in the long run , " sai..

..trument laid before the Senate , in the same or in the preceding session if , when it is laid before the Senate , it is identical with the former statutory instrument or contains only such alterations as are certified by the President to be necessary owing to the time that has elapsed since the date of the former statutory instrument .  ( 4 ) Where the office of President is vacant or the President is for any reason unable to perform the function conferred upon him by subsection ( 3 ) of this section that..

.. do and more kids to save . Join us in our cause and    Homes for the Aged  Childrens ' Homes  Schools  Music Ministry  The Province of the West Indies came into being in 1883 and the Provincial Synod consisted of the Bishops who usually met overseas owing to the difficulty of travelling .  Page 1  Page 2  Page 3  Document signed by the Most Rev. Archibald Campbell , Lord Archbishop of Canterbury , Primate of All England giving his consent for " the several dioceses of Jamaica , Barbados , and the Windwar..

..reaking seven red lights , obstructing traffic and refusing to do a breathalyzer test .  While Bounty Killer is getting ready to stand trial his long time nemesis Beenie Man might still has to pay a large percentage of his outstanding $40 million tax owing to the government , even though he was freed of tax evasion charges in September 2008 .  February 15 , 2009  Newstalk 93 FM &; Jamaica make history  Newstalk Radio will make history when the station begins airing the nation 's and the region 's first Au..

..be the same Bill as the former Bill sent to the Senate in the same or in the preceding session if , when it is sent to the Senate , it is identical with the former Bill or contains only such alterations as are specified by the Speaker to be necessary owing to the time that has elapsed since the date of the former Bill or to represent any amendments which have been made by the Senate in the former Bill .  ( 9 ) In this section-  ( a ) reference to any of the provisions of this Constitution or the Jamaica I..

.. insurance - advances on account of the brig Herald , and other sums . . . will shew , in the best manner , the actual sum chargeable against the immigrants imported to the date of this report .  The expense hitherto has been considerably increased , owing to the more than usual charges at the depot at the Admiral ? s Pen , arising out of the unlooked-for detention and sickness of a number of the people sent out in the ship Etheldred , and sending back to Britain twenty-seven of them , who became disconte..

..mbers of the Legal and Technical Commission and Finance Committee . Additional contributions to the fund would be welcomed . With regard to the capital of the Endowment Fund , it should be noted that the interest accrued during 2011 was only $4,961 , owing to prevailing low interest rates . The Finance Committee will be provided with a report on available investment options that would produce a higher rate of income for the fund .  Other matters on which the Finance Committee have requested reports includ..

..ers , served with tomato sauce .  Sorrel -- popular especially during the Christmas holidays and sometimes served with rum Blended Root Drinks -- a mixture of as much as 15 different root ingredients Coconut Water -- popular among resorts and beaches owing to their cool and refreshing effects Soursop Juice Carrot Juice Mountain Coffee Maintain a healthy lifestyle while you 're on vacation with these fruits :  Some hotels offer accommodation packages complete with meals . The number of meals depends on the..

..emic year , include Food for the Poor ( FFP ) Jamaica , the Early Childhood Commission ( ECC ) and the HEART Trust/NTA . It will ensure that scholarships are provided to practitioners in the early childhood sector who lack the required qualifications owing to financial constraints .  Food for the Poor , which is financing the project , will disburse 50 scholarships , valued at $65,000 each , every September and January for the next five years . The award will give recipients the opportunity to pursue Nati..

..goes to show that it pays to know the Law !  Place : Forall Awee Co-operative Ltd . Board Meeting  Mr. King ( Chairman ) : Member ! The Secretary has inform me that XYZ Ltd has threatened to file legal action against the Co-op to recover unpaid debts owing to that company for materials supplied to the Co-op last year . Wi know tings not bright but wi need to find money to pay them before they take us to court .  Mr. Simpleton : ( taken aback ) But Mr. King how is the first time me hearing about we owing m..

..d also poses a safety risk as well , so we in western Jamaica wholeheartedly welcome this move by the powers that be , its quite timely especially in these trying times , " Crump noted .  Crump also disclosed that , with the opening of the office and owing to the many calls and request for gun licenses , he is expecting that there will be an increase in the amount of requests .  " I am hoping that the significant back-log of applications now waiting to be processed will be cleared up in the shortest possi..

.. many different disciplines . Delivering and innovating services will involve understanding people 's behaviour , the way they conduct businesses and the role of technologies in businesses ; ( c ) Services have become increasingly complex and dynamic owing to the cross-industry , cross-market , and cross-country business activities and collaborations and ( c ) The Internet and IT technology have made it possible for companies to work together intensively and in new ways , to form complex supply chains and..

..industry impacts on over 40,000 lives island wide . In terms of production last year 2001 over 100,000 tonnes of banana were consumed locally and 42,000 tonnes were exported . Robusta was identified as the most suitable cultivar for the small farmers owing to its particular qualities such as its high tolerance to drought and Black Sigatoka disease . This led to a high demand for true-to-type , disease free and high quality Robusta planting material . This resulted in the development of the SRC/EU/BECO ban..

