..efensive midfielder but unfortunately he has n't been able to pin down a regular berth in that role . Last season , despite the protracted absence of key midfielders Jack Wilshere and Abou Diaby , the youngster could n't break into his preferred role owing to the presence of experienced heads like Mikel Arteta and Alex Song . Been shut out from his role made him ponder a move away from the club but Wenger 's persuasive words must have worked magic on the lad as he put pen to paper on a new long term deal ..

..sence of regular power supply created in the Aba business fabric .  It is a strategic vision borne out of the overriding need to reclaim Aba from industrial atrophy . Aba , a city that once bubbled with industrial and commercial concerns , went under owing to neglect by government and other relevant authorities . Yet , the brawny and can-do spirit of the Aba artisan held on tenaciously to the inventiveness and innovation the city is known for . They have continued to make Aba a city that must command atte..

.. White House , after years of humiliations and abuse . Ndigbo are suffering what these Africans in America once suffered . Kalu had been twice a presidential candidate and , was suspiciously frustrated .  He gave Jonathan his support by stepping down owing to the view of the Igbo that they all must support Jonathan in the 2011 presidential elections . Kalu advertised this in many of the national newspapers ' paid advertorials . But today , is Jonathan not disappointing ? Did Jonathan not lie to Ndigbo ove..

..begins today . Saw    As the winter transfer windows draws closer , clubs are preparing to strengthen their weak links from the arrays of players available . Some would be available for mega transfers while it would only take a little to snap some up owing to contract wrangles between such players and their respective clubs . Cheap things are good but free things are certainly better . Some players would be free agents in January while others would be having only 6 months left on their deals . In January ..

..olated cases of armed fighting with considerable sacrifice of life were reported from around the same area . The disturbing situation led to inevitable stoppage of the local trade ; and there was a danger of more of the waterside markets being closed owing to troubles in the interior Urhobo towns .  By that time , it became quite obvious that the officers of the Royal Niger Company , who had hitherto made no attempt to govern , were still not in a position , to do anything . The company was about winding ..

..hen created and we took concessionary entrance examinations . Seventy-nine ( 79 ) undergraduates were admitted as foundation students based on merit and performance in the entrance examination , not on federal character or geographical spread . Jos , owing to its central location , good weather and cosmopolitan nature was chosen to host and nurse the baby campus .  Ayo Mamudu , who had just completed his doctorate thesis in the University of Ibadan , was employed and sent to Jos campus as one of the pione..

..ficit , " he explained .  Salem 's work deteriorated and he struggled to provide even half of the amount of his loan requirements . The only solution to Salem 's financial problems was to borrow money from a merchant to pay off the rest of the amount owing to the AMF , thus saving his house .  Salem lived for years with the burden of his debt on his shoulders , but finally he was able to pay off his loan to the merchant . After this his brother Abdul-Karim asked him to be his guarantor for a loan from AMF..

..t is regrettable that till date a good percentage of farm products end up as waste following poor storage facilities . It is a common sight in our cities and communities to see heaps of grains , fruits , vegetables thrown away because they got rotten owing to lack of market . In other climes these produces are processed and stored for better use .  It is sad that Nigeria imports over two trillion Naira worth of foodstuffs from other countries annually . This can not stop until our preservation techniques ..

..ex with all of them at once . Uroko who resisted their attack was overpowered by t .....  Author : editor  Chief coach of newly promoted El Kanemi Warriors of Maiduguri , Kelechi Emetoele has played down fears of insecurity in the Borno State capital owing to activities of the dreaded religious sect , Boko Haram , saying that football was perhaps , the tonic needed to cancel such fears . In a chat with Sports Vanguard in his hotel room in Ojodu , Lagos Monday , Coach Emetoele said ? we have been having a ..

..r , officer or employee of any bank licensed under the Banks and Other Financial Institutions Decree 1991 .  ( 2 )  The Governor , any Deputy Governor or any Director shall cease to hold office in the Bank if he -  ( a )  becomes of unsound mind or , owing to ill health , is incapable of carrying out his duties ;  ( b )  is convicted of any offence involving dishonesty or any other offence the maximum penalty of which exceeds imprisonment for six months ;  ( c )  is guilty of a serious misconduct in relat..

..roup of people . They are subjected to injustice and neglect , also excluded from some socio-economic benefits , and their rights infringed upon . Epelle said that , " Let me intimate all and sundry that albinism is not a curse , but a skin condition owing to the lack of melanin pigments . "  Mr Epelle has been calling on President Goodluck Jonathan to appoint members of the Foundation into sensitive government positions . He argues that this will add value to government policies , " because of their pote..

..d also battle hard with top rivals in the transfer market to secure top targets . In recent seasons , the Gunners have lost key players like Samir Nasri , Emmanuel Adebayor , Gael Clichy and Robin Van Persie to rivals ( Manchester clubs and Chelsea ) owing to their refusal to pay the wages demanded by these players and in a dilemma over the demands of English winger Theo Walcott whose contract expires in the summer and also Bacary Sagna whose own run-out next summer . Gazidis ' confidence stems from the n..

..anusi Lamido Sanusi , Governor of Central Bank , was also named the African Banker of the Year by the global business magazine , Emerging Markets , and the rating agency Standard &; Poor ( S &P); assigned Rivers State a ' B ' international rating , " owing to its strong cash holdings , low debt and a healthy operating balance " . Forgotten is that many of the bank chiefs that Sanusi criminalised had also received similar international awards . In fact , Sanusi 's predecessor in office , Professor Chukwuma..

..aditional system of peer-review , where an editor sends the paper off to two or three anonymous reviewers , is full of serious problems --  Unnecessarily lengthy review periods  Papers rejected for trivial reasons  Reviewers not reading work properly owing to time pressures  Publication blocked because a reviewer is working on something similar  Reviewers reacting unprofessionally to criticism of their work  Tendency for reviewers to be established authors , with subsequent bias against novel ideas and me..

..Live and Let Live " as the party continues to demonstrate under the leadership of Governor Ibrahim Geidam .  Prior to the 2011 elections , political watchers claimed that the battle for Yobe Government House was going to be between the ANPP and PDP , owing to the fact that other political parties in the state had nothing in place to contend with these two . According to the Director-General of the Geidam Campaign Organization , Alhaji Sidi Yakubu Karasuwa , there were many rumours that their plans to laun..

..ources said is scheduled to be the headquarters of the Boko Haram nation .  The disclosure was made just as security sources said indigenes of Borno , Bauchi , Yobe and other states harbouring the sect 's ' cells ' are under immense pressure and fear owing to threats on them to support the group with funds by a percentage of their salaries or profits made from their businesses , which is said to be non negotiable .  Failure to remit such money is most times met with the killing of a loved member of that f..

..07 governorship in Yobe State was between Alhaji Adamu Maina Waziri , former Minister of Agriculture and Water Resources and Alhaji Musa Tumsa from Busari Local Government Area . But the party at that time was said to have favoured Adamu Maina Waziri owing to the fact that he was responsible for funding the party . This resulted in other politicians within the party , including Musa Tumsa , defecting to other political parties to seek relevance and a level playing ground .  Another trouble with the PDP in..

..d therefore cultivate all the accompanying secondary effects . The resulting decline from a higher conception created a breach through which a hand was stretched downwards to assist those souls in climbing up for earthly incarnation which otherwise , owing to their spiritual heaviness and the denser darkness , could never have penetrated to the surface of the earth .  But , above all , there are the purely animal sensations accompanying procreation , as well as the general striving for earthly enjoyments ..

.. alert of Future Shock , then one can appreciate better the shock Africa has and is going through . One is bound to use the expression " African culture " with more than a thousand qualifications . In fact we are obliged to take the general view that owing to these enormous changes and influences , their volume , rate and protracted onslaught on African culture , the denotation of the term itself is no longer sufficiently stable to be unequivocal .  CULTURE CONFLICT : AFRICAN VERSUS WESTERN  But the Weste..

..ervices may include domain administration , a web-based web site builder and an open-source PHP script installer . Even though they are not mandatorily provided by all hosting vendors , they are becoming a part of the typical web site hosting package owing to the enormous demand for an all-encompassing web hosting solution where all the aforementioned functionalities are    The Lagoon Restaurant - Churrasco  You know those nights that are just not clubbing nights yet they are dark and pregnant with the pr..

..atory way to alpines , have to pay Rs.2000 per night as halting places to the villagers and have to pay one and a half litre of butter as bribe to forest official despite paying the official grazing fee .  Changes in property rights  Reduced Pastures owing to National Park creation :  The most significant and worrisome consequences of the globalization of the market are the degradation of the environment and ecological changes . For the sake of the expansion of the market , pastoral lands are increasingly..

..lifestyle and technology among its people , a lot of Nigerians have come to heavily depend on these Social Networking sites like Facebook , Twitter , Google Plus , Instagram and Tumblr to communicate , share photos and get vital information . This is owing to the highly viral nature of these platforms . While Facebook and Twitter are heavily used , G+ and Instagram are fast catching up . Private individuals prefer to use Facebook while the celebrities prefer Twitter and Instagram as the platform to commun..

..nity and lied to them you did not know the boxes were empty .  Nigerians know better than you think . Abians have access to records and we could confirm that by the time you left , the State Government suffered deductions from its monthly allocations owing to the monies you borrowed to service you very many private businesses . Otherwise , there is nothing to justify the huge sums of debt you bequeathed as a parting gift to Abians .  " Go back to your archives . Obasanjo made me the Action Governor for th..

..ks , may be due to its proximity and closeness to Borno and Yobe States . The area also shares a common border with the Cameroon Republic , so much so that one hardly differentiates between the people of Mubi emirate and their Cameroonian counterpart owing to cultural affinity , inter trade relations , marriage and other ties .  The city known for its trade , especially illegal importation of petroleum products to the neighbouring Cameroon has witnessed series of curfew imposition due to terrorists attack..

..and it was a tale of another derby , a new manager , a new villain and yet , same result . The game started with a frenetic pace and looked like it was going to take the form of the last one which was also at the Emirates when Tottenham took the lead owing to some slack in defence ( something Wenger chose to call brief re-organization in defence ) . Defoe stole the ball and had his shot parried by the returning Szczesny but unfortunately , onto the boots of Adebayor . The Togolese forward is n't the most ..

..ion tonnes in 2002 , sorghum at 7 million tonnes , millet at 6 million tonnes and rice at 5 million tonnes ( FAO , 2004a ) .  Expansion of cassava production has been relatively steady since 1980 with an additional push between the years 1988 to 1992 owing to the release of improved IITA varieties .  By zone , the North Central zone produced over 7 million tonnes of cassava a year ( 1999 to 2002 ) . South South produces over 6 million tonnes a year while the South West and South East produce just less tha..

..s of reading glasses dispensed , more than 200 pairs of aphakic glasses ( for people who are missing a lens in their eye ) distributed at no cost , and thousands with    Fans and pundits have predicted gloom and doom for the Gunners in the new season owing to the high profile departures . 7 weeks into the new season , Arsenal are not too much off the pace , trailing league leaders Chelsea by just 7 points and have already played three top teams ( Chelsea , Manchester City and Liverpool , two of them away ..

..rage rarely exceeds 6 percent for more than six months of the year and some form of supplementation is necessary if calving rates , milk yields and growth rates are to be raised ( Milligan and Kaufmann , 1980 ) . These supplements are in short supply owing to increasing demand from agricultural and industrial users .  Improved Pastures As part of the new technology in animal husbandry , improved pastures produce more dry matter of high nutritive value and lead to greater animal productivity than do native..

..eir course of study . Writing science papers can be burdening since the students are required to write following the technological changes in the world . Usually , these students are given a limited period of time to complete their science papers and owing to the fact that they have other things to do and are not as well professional writers , they end up writing poor quality papers . Therefore students need help in writing their science papers . Among the different types of science papers that students w..

.. two sons were also killed in 2007 under similar circumstances also involving some of the thugs involved in the recent killings . Till date the police in Idda have muddled up investigations and failed to bring the known perpetrators to book . This is owing to the invoplvement of people who appear to be too powerful for the police to call to order .  THE RECENT MAYHEM  According to information received by NOPRIN :  1 . On Wednesday , October 28 , 2009 at about 7 p.m . Ibrahim Abdul and some other members o..

..pact of the global financial crisis on MFBs had been more severe than anticipated as their credit lines dried up and competition became more intense and credit risk increased , as many customers of MFBs were unable to pay back their credit facilities owing to the hostile economic environment . These and other factors , according to the CBN , significantly " weakened the microfinance sub-sector and its ability to achieve the policy objective of economic empowerment at the lower end of the market " .  Many ..

.. nullified his election on the strength of alleged conviviality with some top members of the ACN .  A top brass of a security Agency told journalists in Ado Ekiti of the readiness of all the security outfits to beef up security in the State capital , owing to the high level of curiosity among the political class .  Sons , daughters and friends of Ido-Ekiti , the headquarters of Ido/Osi Local Government Area of Ekiti State recently celebrated the community 's day and trooped out in their numbers to raise f..

.. . Anywayz , its just a matter of how morally she thinks .. I mean , one of the intricacies of this kinda scenario is that , how sure is she that she will get the joy after all ... Well , its something that 90% of gurls will do without thinking twice owing to the fact that the job is very lucrative from the Intel you gave . I do n't want to sound too righteous about this since I am not in her shoes and do n't know what she has gone though before getting that job-offer . But , I think if she is the generou..

..eat on the laps of the Nigerian Entertainment industry over the years is no other than Prince Adeleke Olaniyi Olabode , popularly known as Omoba , a tag many of his friends and colleagues calls him . Mr. Adeleke Is an international business magnate , owing to the fact that he has established top conglomerate home and abroad .  He 's the CEO of the notable " Reliable Records " . A record Label that has fast rising gospel Artist " Suwach " K , and young rapper/prolific songwriter " Rap 9 " . Reliable Record..

..d Nigerians over the misuse of social media to spread such misleading information .  He said such misleading information via the social media could have grave security and emergency implications , saying a number of disasters had occurred in the past owing to such phantom messages .  " The report is not true . As a matter of fact , it was a false alarm . No BRT bus fell or plunged into the Lagoon . The report was spread to cause panic among Lagosians .  " A BRT bus was actually involved in an accident wit..

..ntil her death insisted that she went to Brazil for medical attention . The Committee had also looked into the cases of several    Saturday , 10 November 2012  Nigeria 's Space Programme in jeopardy  The nation 's space programme is now in jeopardy , owing to power play which has consumed the Nigerian Communications Satellite Limited , NIGCOMSAT Limited , from its parent body , the National Space Research and Development Agency , NASRDA with headquarters in Abuja .  The loan that was used in building the ..

..ese include : movement , overstocking , resistance to change , lack of contribution to the national economy and pastoralism and farming as polarized .  From the northern belt of Himalaya to the eastern belt , the recent expansion of commercialization owing to market economy has led to the penetration of the market forces into the lives of the affected communities whose livelihood depends on the preservation of the environment , biodiversity and the climate .  Changing values of Pastoralists :  Global trea..

..enerally harsh during the quarter resulting in poor performance of the variables that signify improvement in the productive sector .  According to the chamber , investors ' confidence weakened as businesses across sectors experienced decline in sales owing to weak consumer demand and general economic downturn . " The trend of some vital macro-economic variables was not favourable . Interest rates remained high ; naira exchange rate weakened ; and inflation continued on an upward swing . All these impacted..

..a wrong foot forward and his courage in coming up with regulations which his predecessors were wise enough to avoid , may turn out to be counter-productive . At a time when the entire world is beginning to take Nigeria seriously in its anti-graft war owing to the doggedness and potency of the EFCC , Adoke should not bring back the hand of the clock but should rather think of better ways of helping Nigeria out of the mess of corruption than such self-serving regulations which are bound to die naturally . P..

.. begin looking at the technology of this process than focusing on the academic aspects of it . As technologies break boundaries , we must take advantages and build Africa .  In summary , the exodus of very capable Africans to North America and Europe owing to lack of institutional readiness at home must be seen as a threat to the prosperity and wealth of Africa . As they work in these adopted nations to improve their education , medicine , sports , and all other major fields , African governments must fin..

..etence exhibited by the individual ?  The way I see it , the more highly evolved and developed one is ; the more he tends to regard all Nigerians , nay , all humanity , as one and equal . It is not unlikely , that there are some who know better , but owing to opportunities which the exclusiveness of their tribe and religion can confer on them , they decide to resort to singing the song of discord . These ones and their likes , are more than likely , scared to compete in a level playing field ; and as such..

..iritually filled with passion , purpose , and drive ) , and not be motivated . When you are inspired ( fired-up from the inside out ) , you do n't need external stimuli ; on the flip side , motivation always needs to be jump-started when it wears off owing to the vicissitudes of life .  Inspiration births enthusiasm -- which is an exuberance , zest , passion , interest , or great excitement in a subject or cause . Enthusiasm is derived from the Greek adjective entheos , denoting " having the god within , ..

..a is in Pool A alongside Gold Coast champions Fiji , Spain and Scotland .  Lavin Asego and Sidney Ashioya make a return to the team that was named on Thursday morning at the KRFUEA grounds in Nairobi . The two missed out on the first leg in Australia owing to personal commitments and injury .  Collins Injera , Biko Adema and Oscar Ouma will feature in Dubai , returning to Nairobi while Fabian Olando , Billy Odhiambo and Oscar Ayodi will feature in the Port Elizabeth squad .  The Kenya Rugby Union 's Direc..

..ssue . Rather , speaking at the Nigeria Leadership Initiative , NLI , Guest Speaker Forum in Lagos , on Tuesday , he regretted his inability to fix the power problem , which he attributed to lack of funds in the initial period of his administration , owing to the low price of crude oil in the international market , Nigeria 's depleted foreign reserves and huge debt burden .  He also refused to comment on Nigeria 's leadership at the moment when asked to rate the country 's current leadership .  On his par..

..sp something that belongs to the activity of this stunted part of his brain ! He is simply incapable of it , even if he should desire it ; and solely because of his voluntary restriction he ridicules everything that he is unable to attain , and which owing to his really retarded , not normal brain will never at any time be understood by him either .  Just therein lies the most terrible part of the curse of this unnatural aberration . The harmonious cooperation of both parts of the human brain that absolut..

..owards the north .  The residents of this fine city are both open-minded as well as poised about their own selves , in a country that is as multi-cultured as America , if not less . Not many decades ago , Toronto was known as an ' icebox ' town , but owing to numerous immigration phases that included Europeans , Latin Americans , Caribbean and Asians shifting base to the city , the situation improved dramatically , and today , one in every two Torontonians was born outside of Canada . Despite the fact tha..

..multinationals , merit-based jobs are being given to graduates from Private Universities because of their academic prowess garnered from their Undergraduate years . Ask any HR manager if you 're in doubt . Private universities have come to stay , and owing to the wreck of some public institutions , this would keep being the trend .... unless genuine change comes . I 'd send my Children to private universities if I can afford it ... and have peace of mind . My advice to the sick lad who posted this albatro..

..ubles . He was slowed down for years , after the Trybe Record/ Da Trybe split . And now , just when he 's started to make it big , his label honchos at Mo'Hits are calling it quits . Tricky situation , especially for a rapper who 's become a singer , owing to his label 's A &R; strategy ...  D'PRINCE : Don Jazzy is committed to pushing D'Prince , insiders say . So even though his album could suffer further delays , it 'll definitely happen . If legal issues prevent his brother Don Jazzy from signing him ,..

..irmed the short-term national scale rating at ' ngA-1 ? . We revised the transfer and convertibility ( T &C); assessment to ' BB- ' from B+ . The outlook is stable " . Giving reasons for the revised rating it said " The upgrade reflects our view that owing to fuel subsidy cuts , conservative budget oil price assumptions , improving fiscal management , and high prices , Nigeria 's fiscal assets in its excess crude account ( ECA ) have risen to $8.4 billion ( from US$2.0 billion at end-2010 ) , which provid..

..scribe young fast rising and talented rapper , Hansen Agbagwu , popularly known as Magnificent but amazing is the effect of his introductory singles entitled ' E Go Easy ' and ' Follow You Go ' .  It 's funny how stuffs roll around the music industry owing to the fact that some of the new acts like Magnificent springing up today have actually gone through the storm alongside some of the celebrated young guns in the hip-hop world .  Magnificent stands tall among his peers and he 's battle ready to send the..

..eave for free in the summer , time would tell .  Christian Tello : Anything that comes out of the famous La Masia academy is deemed a world beater from Xavi , Iniesta , Messi , Fabregas and the others . Tello is the latest in the line of products but owing to the presence of more matured and experience players , he is already deemed surplus to requirement . His contract with the Blaugrana ends in the summer and the chances are rife that it would n't be renewed . One thing is certain , he wo n't be short o..

..ion of assets is concerned , since the value to a firm of some assets would be much higher on the going concern basis than would be if the organisation were to go into liquidation . This is particularly true if the assets have only small scrap values owing to non-marketability of the assets concerned . The assumptions is that the business unit will operate in perpetuity ; that is the business is considered a going concern if it is capable of earning a reasonable net income and there is no intention or thr..

..It is noted that PWC , the international firm of Auditors &; Accountants , was expected to work with Sub-Committee A on the audit of the refineries for the two years , 2010 and 2011 , in line with TOR No 3 . PWC was however not available for the work owing to issues associated with delays in their formal engagement for the assignment by the Ministry of Petroleum Resources . Consequently , the Audit aspect of the assignment is yet to be done .  3 . FINDINGS &; CONCLUSIONS  3.1 . NIGERIAN PETROLEUM PRODUCTS..

.. and pupils stated that the flood had put candidates sitting for WASSCE in precarious situation . They added that even for those whose schools had not been shut down , both the teachers and pupils especially in Lokoja were subjected to great hardship owing to gridlock on the roads . They said this situation had made many of them to come late to schools .  The Principal , Government Day Secondary School , Adankolo , Lokoja , Mr. Edward Olorundare , said pupils in the affected areas planning to sit for the ..

..nt earth work declared a national monument in 1963 ; and Pottery works in Bassa LGA . Bassa Nge music includes lnyaduku , Edzo , Kerengwu and Badankolo which are popular with the people . Much of the ancient works of art have declined in importance , owing to the adoption of Islam , Christianity and other modern ways of life by a large number of the people .  Population Structure and Distribution : The total population of Kogi State increased by 63.66 percent over some twentyeight  Itakpe Iron Ore Mining ..

..reparation of bogobe from sorghum  Alcoholic Beverages  Kunu-Zaki  This is a millet-based non-alcoholic fermented beverage widely consumed in the Northern parts of Nigeria . This beverage is however becoming more widely consumed in southern Nigeria , owing to its refreshing qualities . Adeyemi &; Umar ( 1994 ) , described the traditional process for the manufacture of kunu-zaki . This process involves the steeping of millet grains , wet milling with spices ( ginger , cloves , pepper ) , wet sieving and pa..

.. he 's not at all realistic . Surely Vertonghen , a player who can cover both of those defensive areas , who can provide a long term option and is financially viable would be a better choice ?  The article may well be pointless but I see that more as owing to the insignificance of my opinion rather than the focus on a switch to a back 3 . It 's something that could , in theory , be done . Buying Thiago Silva is n't . Some of the best football I 've seen throughout the world this season , whether it be fro..

..control the rise in inflation rate also said that all hands must be on deck to achieve structural reforms in the country .  According to him , the federal government 's petroleum subsidy and the millennium development goal of 2015 may not be achieved owing to the volatility of the oil market and lack of political will .  The immediate past Governor of the CBN , Chukwuma Soludo last weekend also warned against any move that could curtail the autonomy of the CBN as guaranteed by the CBN Act 2007 .  Accordin..

..n problematic without an IFAD country presence , which was not established until 2006 . Agricultural productivity and natural resources management initiatives have been relegated in importance in project funding and have proved difficult to implement owing to constraints of poverty and affordability and to households having alternative sources of income . Overall , the value of the IFAD input and the quality of the strategy output are rated as moderately satisfactory , a score of 4.2 on the IFAD evaluatio..

.. party , who also spoke to newsmen on condition of anonymity , said the party might be hiding under different faces to portray its relevance in the state , but that the party had lost its relevance as most of its members had defected to other parties owing to Waziri 's dictatorial style of running the party affairs . But Mr Yakubu Bello , one of the pillars of the PDP in the state , told journalists that those people who defected were of the thought that their lives would be better where they went . " But..

..hina , Korea and Japan , known as the soybean sauce culture zone , consume less rice than countries of Southeastern Asia . Inhabitants of that region typically consume short grain rice ( Japonica type ) . Rice consumption in this region has decreased owing to recent economic growth .  According to statistical data , 47% of the total caloric intake in Korea and 43% in Japan were supplied by rice in 1965 . These percentages decreased to 35% and 23% respectively in 1995 , due to incorporation of other foods ..

..three years celebrating his country 's World Cup victory . Torres claimed that he was excited about the new Premier League campaign and looking forward to the first game of the season with the club although he is likely to sit out the first few weeks owing to manager Roy Hodgson refusing to rush him back from injury and his exertions after the World Cup .  The Spanish star has been heavily linked to a move to Chelsea this summer , with Manchester City waiting in the shadows to hijack any possible deal . H..

..s only cardcarrying party members that will vote in delegates at ward congresses . A11 other levels of elections for nominations are by elected delegates . An attempt by the Ebonyi dominant faction of the PDP to play this joker ran into stormy waters owing to the vigilance of the state 's Abuja group . The governor sent an army of supporters who stormed the PDP Hq in Abuja , inflicted injuries on party officials on duty and hijacked the party registration materials .  The situation was serious enough that..

..t; 2Fe(OH) 3 + 6H +  ( 4 )  2Fe ++ + 5H 2 0 + O 2 ----&gt; 2Fe(OH) 3 + 4H +  ( 5 )  Oxidation of ferrous iron by T. ferrooxidans  Oxidation of ferrous iron by T. ferrooxidans with subsequent precipitation of ferric hydroxide  As will be shown later , owing to its ability to oxidize ferrous iron , T. ferrooxidans is the principal agent of bacterial ore leaching at moderate temperatures .  Thiobacilli and sulfidic minerals  Some Thiobacilli , especially T. ferrooxidans , are able to oxidize sulfide and some..

..cribe young fast rising and talented rapper , Hansen Agbagwu , popularly known as Magnificent but amazing is the effect of his introductory singles entitled ' E Go Easy ' and ' Follow You Go ' .  It ? s funny how stuffs roll around the music industry owing to the fact that some of the new acts like Magnificent springing up today have actually gone through the storm alongside some of the celebrated young guns in the hip-hop world .  Magnificent stands tall among his peers and he ? s battle ready to send th..

..nd ethnic war like their male counterparts have done till now . Even though they are not saints considering what few of them have done in their various official capacities recently in Nigeria , but events have equally proved that they could do better owing to their motherly natures if given the opportunity .  Our female counterparts are like spare tyres , you put the spare one when the main one punctures , and currently our men are the punctured tyres , let us change them and stop the risks of running wit..

..ad of the January transfer window . As for me , a creative midfielder is more important than a striker . No matter how prolific a striker is , he can only score from chances created . Arsenal 's midfield is too lightweight both in numbers and talents owing to injuries and abilities .  Chamberlain is n't Walcott 's grade just yet . Just when people thought the Ox was the next big thing , yesterday 's game proved again that he is still far from been the finished article . His game is too childish and predic..

..easons ; he is quite versatile and very comfortable playing in the middle , on either wings and behind the striker . This season , Arsenal have been short of wingers and by extension width in key games . Walcott is more on the bench than on the field owing to his contractual dispute , Gervinho has been lacklustre playing there and Chamberlain has been bedeviled with injuries . Reliance on young Gnabry shows how desperate Arsenal are in need of width and ca n't seem to find it .  Rosicky would have been a ..

..will reflect this and no bonus will be paid . As long as copper is in contango and the index reflects this then a portion of the increase will be due and payable to the workers .  This bonus is not wage-linked or based on seniority . It is a lump sum owing to each of the unionised workers on the cycle the union has agreed ( quarterly , annually ) with the company . It is paid in dollars ( or the local equivalent at current exchange rates ) to the account of each member of the bargaining unit or units . In..

..ear is not necessarily quite pliable an adequate amount bvnbhfjbgh .  Receptive running shoes , one example is , are great for the summers as they quite simply let the kids ft to be able to aerate avoiding put together of sweat which might end result owing to using with enclosed boots and shoes . Typically the over jumper gets typically the general from the movement disposition . The higher quality the specific dwelling disorders , the higher the people 's hunt for splendor . Because temperatures become g..

..sense of nostalgia leading Nigerians to give up about the present and the future .  In his review of the country 's democratic journey in the past 13 years , the former vice president expressed understanding for the impatience of people with change , owing to previous harsh experiences .  " The democratic process takes some time to get rooted and in the process mistakes were bound to occur . But the beauty of democracy lies in the power to replace leaders who have failed to deliver the goods , " he said ...

.. is the main causative agent of lung carcinoma . According to epidemiological studies , 80% of patients suffering from carcinoma of lungs are known to be habitual cigarette / cigar /pipe smokers .  While active smokers are susceptible to lung cancers owing to their habits , passive smokers may also develop cancerous lung tissue involuntarily . They can be mainstream smokers , inhaling smoke that is exhaled by a nearby smoker and side stream smokers inhaling smoke released by burning end of cigarettes or p..

.. but recently , his agent revealed that Pep would favour a move to London and in the English capital there are two clubs that might just be needing his services ; Arsenal and Chelsea . Chelsea have since moved on from their long anti-football tactics owing to the summer acquisitions of creative and skillful players Hazard and Oscar to join Mata and the exit of Drogba . Can Pep really succeed outside Barcelona ? The chances are reduced . At Barca , he had the best player the World has seen in a long while ..

..by 2015 .  1.6 We are concerned about non availability of funding for Food Hygiene and Safety from Government at all levels .  1.7 We also identified the plethora of food laws , with the attendant multiplicity and difficulty in their implementation , owing to deficiencies of their provisions in addressing the present day food hygiene and safety challenges .  1.8 We are worried that there is lack of equipment and materials needed for the smooth running of food Hygiene and Safety services in Nigeria .  1.10..

..ressible , as they are without pores and entirely fill the space they occupy ; and homogeneous , differing only in shape , arrangement , position , and magnitude . But , while atoms thus differ in quantity , differences of quality are only apparent , owing to the impressions caused on our senses by different configurations and combinations of atoms . A thing is hot or cold , sweet or bitter , or hard or soft only by convention ; the only things that exist in reality are atoms and the Void . Thus , the ato..

..e courage to cultivate the spirit of leadership . Leadership of the humane and selfless variety is a rarity in our clime . This is rarest in our political landscape . This is worse at the grassroots level . Recognizing the prevailing sense of despair owing to persistent policy failures in the past , and the less than edifying confidence index in our leaders , even genuine achievers get swallowed up in the sea of despondency . In Nigeria , a great many have a sinking feeling that things can only get worse ..

.. the other hand rear cattle and protect the family . The Fulani culture over the years has been diffused with Islamic tradition leaving them with little practices that survived the cultural mix . One of such predominant practice is the Sharo festival owing to its importance to the Fulfulde speaking people . Little wonder , why today the one unique thing people only remember the Fulani culture    I 've used the headline " Hardly Inspiring " only a few days back . Otherwise that would have been the apt head..

.. .  Some of the companies invited or circularised with information requests did not respond to the letters sent by the Task Force requesting information .  Given the time allocation for the Task Force s work , the review and findings were constrained owing to the large number of companies and agencies that required review . However , the Task Force made all necessary efforts to ensure a full execution of its mandate and our findings are presented in the report .  For crude oil sales , a lot of the support..

..e current agitation by the NLC leadership to get government to effect 25% wage increment as agreed in the year 2000 agreement signed with labor . One , the central government has already started to say that it has no money to implement this agreement owing to a drastic fall in its expected revenues as a result of the current global capitalist recession . Two , states will argue that the central government has no power to dictate to them how much workers in services at the state level must earn . Meanwhile..

..ve through the body , consists of a different species , and is not of the spiritual species which makes man a human being . Therefore    Volume III Lecture 23  The name  I t is a pity that men pass by even serious matters with indifference , and that owing to their spiritual indolence they only recognise everything when they must recognise it . The root cause of this fateful indolence is to be found in the effects of mankind 's hitherto wanton misuse of their free volition .  All men stand in the Law as d..

..uring the time in which Amfortas no longer uncovers the Grail till the hour in which Parsifal appears as King of the Grail .  Man should cease to regard the Holy Grail as only something intangible , for It really exists ! The human spirit , however , owing to its nature , can never behold It . But the blessing radiating forth from It , which can be and is being passed on by the Guardians of the Grail , can be absorbed and enjoyed by those human spirits who open themselves to it .  In this sense some of th..

.. the imminent end of the word had always been rife in popular Islam , in West Africa as elsewhere ... By mid century ( when one of the deadlines , the year 1300 A.H./1883 , was approaching ) , the lot of the gentry and free farmer was becoming harder owing to inflation , the terms of trade going against the independent primary producer ... migrations out of Hausaland towards Adamawa and the East continued to increase up to the end of the century : then the first ' official ' emigration took place as a res..

..then that Apapa-Oshodi expressway would never return to normal again . It was stranger than fiction that the Apapa highway taken over by petroleum-laden trucks and the wharf-bound trailers would be free again . Even though the expressway was decrepit owing to years of neglect , but it became free again for motorists through the combined efforts of the Federal and Lagos State governments .  However , the sad reality is that the gridlock that held many people up for many hours before the task force checkmat..

..  But the Chairman , Osun PDP , Alhaji Gani Olaoluwa , said the state government could not showcase anything as achievement in the last two years .  The ACN statement said , " Rainfall , which should be a source of blessing , has turned into a menace owing to the inability of the former government to manage human and natural resources .  " Osun , under Aregbesola , has witnessed massive development in the areas of construction of road , drainages , schools , markets and total overhaul of infrastructure th..

..ndow grille for a day .  On 11 September 1977 , police loaded him in the back of a Land Rover , naked and restrained in manacles , and began the 1100 km drive to Pretoria to take him to a prison with hospital facilities . However , he was nearly dead owing to the previous injuries . He died shortly after arrival at the Pretoria prison , on 12 September . The police claimed his death was the result of an extended hunger strike , but an autopsy revealed multiple bruises and abrasions and that he ultimately ..

..ting to the solid content of soups , pills and tablets and other pharmaceutical products , fee cream , etc. ;  ( d ) binder , to consolidate the mass and prevent it from drying out during cooking ( sausages and processed meats ) ;  ( e ) stabilizer , owing to the high water-holding capacity of starch ( e.g. , in fee cream ) .  Bakery products  Although starch is the major constituent of flours , the art of ' bread baking depends to a large extent on the selection of flour with the proper gluten characteri..

..t corp members who are not financially capable to pay for accommodation elsewhere end up moving from place to place searching for a place to stay . In addition , corp members are berated on end whenever they are unable to report early to their PPA 's owing to their inability to get proper lodging .  As I had stated earlier , in places where this accommodation is provided , the living conditions are really nothing to write about . Especially here in the Local government under which my PPA falls . The corpe..

..h products . In addition , large quantities of starch are sold in the form of products sold in small packages for household use . Cassava , sago , and other tropical starches were extensively used for food before the Second World War but use declined owing to the disruption of world trade . Attempts were made to develop waxy maize as a replacement for normal non cereal starches ; the production of cassava starch has increased considerably in recent years .  Examples of the use of starch are given below wi..

..,    Journal " Regional economy : theory and practice " 10(241) - 2012 March  This article is devoted to the assessment of the use of forests in Voronezh region . The data analysis on forest fires , the reasons of their occurrence and forestry losses owing to forest fires in Voronezh region in 2009-2010 are given . The information on the outbreak of pests , the disease forests and their liquidation , as well as on the reproduction of forests and reforestation in Voronezh region for 2009-2010 is analyzed ...

..ment had not yet fully developed a decentralization policy framework . Finally , all project and programme designs lacked sound monitoring and evaluation ( M &E); systems .  The effectiveness of the portfolio has been rated as moderately satisfactory owing to variations in results . In rural finance , the most significant results were at the macro and meso levels , where projects and programmes have helped strengthen the regulatory and oversight bodies ( Bank of Ghana , Ministry of Finance ) as well as th..

..'s " honorable " minister informs the public he took the loan to buy shares and " up till now , " he " has n't received any dividend or the shares certificate . " I 've wondered aloud elsewhere how Ondo 's token minister can expect returns when he 's owing to pay up the purchase price . How about the case outlined above by NEXT writer ? Now , is this not like more of the same ; a now you see it , now you do n't ? At least , Dr. Goodluck has been sworn in . We can take it from there .  =====  VPs house to ..

..his step and makes a stand in the community and gets God sensitive then we shall start to see miracles like we have never before imagined . I recently had the privelledge of praying for a woman who had been given 7 days before her angle was amputated owing to a severe infection , the infection was MRSA . She did not believe in God but her desperation had moved her to ask for a miracle . Within 7 days her infection had gone and she was giving glory to God . Can I also add that this is one of many examples ..

.. holy book ) in his hand , in a white garment church quickly spread like wild fire on Tuesday , and since then it has caused nothing but controversies from all angles as it has generated into a religious altercation in both the cyberspace and reality owing to the fact that the baby was born in a church .  Medically , we all know this is not possible but let us , for the sake of argument , explore its spiritual possibilities . The baby was given birth to in a white garment church as was reported , I person..

..hould at least match his impeccable record of loyalty . The only similarity he shares with Wenger besides having managed in the Premier League , it is the fact that he is as old as him .  Pep Guardiola -- apparently the biggest name on the list . Not owing to his longevity in the trade but his achievements in his short stint as a manager and where he is coming from . He might be the youngest of the lot but certainly the most successful . At Barcelona he won an amazing 14 trophies ( 3 La Liga , 2 UEFA Cham..

..ed except in writing , signed by both parties , or by a change to these Terms or Guidelines    Moses tips Nigieria for Afcon victory The Chelsea star says the Super Eagles have a good chance of lifting the continental trophy in South Africa next year owing to the squad 's desire and crew 's focus on merit  Kaka wants to remain in Europe - father The Brazilian star is rumoured to be on his way out of Santiago Bernabeu this January , but his father quashed the speculation insisting that his son intends to r..

..to as many girls they date . If you also look at it from the Christian perspective , you also see that the Bible admonished the men to love and be faithful to their wives , while women should be submissive to their husbands . Young girls should not , owing to what they get from these men , sleep with other women ? s husbands . Whatever you sow , that you would reap . Other women would equally sleep with your husband . Some women would give you a legion of reasons they date married men , but I tell you tha..

..ms , Alhaji Abdullahi Dikko Inde , Governors of Kwara , Sokoto and Zamfara as well as a traditional ruler , Alhaji Ahmed Babalola , Arepo III , the Elese of Igbajaland .  The governor , who noted that Nigeria was currently going through a trying time owing to decades of moral decadence , said that the country had failed in its duty to produce children and youths who put Allah first in whatever they did .  " This is the foundation for the multi-faceted crises that have bedeviled the nation . As our elders ..

..opment had prompted a query from the then Secretary to the Government of the Federation ( SGF ) , Yayale Ahmed , asking the managing director to provide answers to the allegations . In his response , Ugwoha had explained that the fund was transferred owing to the fact that " at the material time , Union Bank 's shareholders ' fund was in the negative of N238 billion " .  His argument : " In line with the provisions of paragraph 106 ( ii ) of the Financial Regulations of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 200..

..ould be termed a failure .  But then again there is the obvious question , what were the objectives ?  However something has to be said for how this movement galvanized emotions . I just struggle to see how this ' center ' will hold and not dissipate owing to our ' God dey ' mentality .  The arab spring with a focus on syria and tunisia I think where bouazizi set himself on fire had ' had ' it to here . ( Raises hand to above my 6ft frame ) . I do n't think we 've had it just yet and I fear that when we d..

.. river . The minor context is that your customers are fish and the river is the marketplace .  It is no longer news that the world has become a global village ; however , the current reality is that the village is increasingly shrinking into a hamlet owing to the emergence of digital . A unique feature of this new global hamlet is the replacement of physical interactions with virtual engagements . Likewise , commerce has seen massive transformation from brick-and-mortars to online commerce . The numbers b..

