.. the criteria for specific anxiety disorders only . Future research should examine the effects of self-medication on substance use disorders in each anxiety disorder separately . At baseline , individual anxiety disorders were not examined separately owing to insufficient power . More information about specific populations in which self-medication is a significant risk factor could be obtained from examining individual baseline anxiety disorders . Also note that results from the present study are conserva..

..those held by    Hubble telescope image known as Pillars of Creation , where stars are forming in the Eagle Nebula . ( Photo credit : Wikipedia )  Web analytics provide as many questions as answers it seems . Email open rates are susceptible to error owing to counting pixels not loading . Session definitions are critical . Domain and cross-domain traffic monitoring adds complexity . Despite all this , measuring interactions from the social Web seemed the most straightforward -- referrals from Twitter , Fa..

..The growth of the illegal drug problem is visible even in the contours of Chinese censorship . On China 's Twitter-like weibo platforms , searches for marijuana ( ? ? ) and specific slang for other drugs such as ketamine ( K ? ) are blocked , perhaps owing to the growing use of the Internet to facilitate drug sales . But official names of drugs along with non-specific slang such as " ice skating " ( ? ? , referring to crystal meth ) or " postage stamp " ( ? ? , referring to LSD ) are still searchable .  G..

..oteins , AGO1 and AGO2 are known to play the most important roles in transcriptional silencing mediated by miRNAs or small interfering RNAs . Assembly of human RISC minimally requires AGO2 , DICER , and TRBP , among which AGO2 is the catalytic engine owing to its endonuclease activity and the DICER-TRBP complex acts simply as a platform 60 , 63 , 64 . The relatively lower abundance of AGO1 and AGO2 proteins in ER + breast cancer may limit the activity of functional RISC , which would in turn lower the inh..

..might take as little as few more shootings by disgruntled white men before there is talk of mass-medicating , tinkering with hormones at the genetic level , repealing the Second Amendment altogether , etc .  Again though : whatever shape this takes , owing to its technological and ideological commitments , this is the only direction in which the system can go .  " ... that means a woman 's urine has a concentration of 50 mikes per liter ( roughly ) . So even if you live downstream from New York City 's se..

..s realise that committing to UMB would be suicidal while their competitors are able to enjoy the economies of scale achieved when LTE and WiMAX go mass-market . This is not an insignificant effect -- 3G Node-B prices have plummeted 50% in three years owing to the extensive rollout of the technology . "  Lewis concludes : " Therefore , it is unlikely that UMB will see the commercial light of day . "  Many people in the telecommunications industry feel that Qualcomm shot itself in the foot by charging too m..

..luent constituents than their poor ones . And for affluent people , there is essentially no recession . Unemployment for workers with a bachelors degree is 4 percent -- boom times . Unemployment is also unusually low in the Washington , D.C. , area , owing to our economy 's reliance on federal spending , which has not had to impose the punishing austerity of so many state and local governments .  For millions and millions of Americans , the economic crisis is the worst event of their lives . They have los..

..s should be significant but not show a cause and effect relation ; however , correlating world-wide data significantly shows CO2 lagging temperature by approximately two years . Arrhenius and Callendar analysis similarly could be significantly biased owing to urban heat-island effects and extensive coal burning at the time , as CO2 is an abundant byproduct of burning .  Apparently , no laboratory control experiment to date , such as in a biodome , has shown CO2 levels influencing ambient temperatures . Ty..

..ast of his term will be marked by little or no significant legislation . Congress will continue to enjoy approval ratings in the tweens .  Romney and Ryan wo n't create 12 million jobs in four years , but the economy will grow , slowly but steadily , owing to forces far outside the executive branch 's control .  If Romney/Ryan do get to make any meaningful changes -- tax reductions coupled with reductions in government services -- then some people will benefit , and most people should go unharmed .  Anywa..

..e to involve themselves in some of the more distasteful aspects of governing . And indeed , delving into something like foreign affairs would have been considered a complete non-starter as " all government rests ultimately on force , to which women , owing to physical , moral and social reasons , are not capable of con-tributing . " The idea of a woman being Minister of War or Secretary of State ( ahem ) would have seemed laughable -- if not completely terrifying ; women were considered to be overly emoti..

..et a sh*tstrom that 'll make the Florida 2000 fiasco look like a picnic .  The Foreign Policy article is flawed right from the first paragraph . The author completely fails to realize that the Canadians ' current superior net worth is almost entirely owing to inflated home valuations , as Canada still has a real estate bubble .  //Last week , Panetta addressed the Business Executives for National Security , an organization devoted to creating a robust public-private partnership in matters of national secu..

..r years . Although the Ford Foundation endowment was a hefty $10 billion at the end of 2011 , that sum was more than $8 billion lower than its all-time peak in 2000 , according to its annual report .  ? Second , the demand for funding has increased , owing to the number of new non-profit journalistic start-ups seeking to fill the void created by the contraction of the legacy media .  While there is no authoritative census of the number of non-profit journalistic ventures in the country , the anecdotal evi..

..the net is that most of the original work is 40 years old and has n't been transferred to electronic media . Another , in regards to modern calculations , is that atmospheric measurements are usually restricted to a small number of absorption bands , owing to the limits of technology . I guess that calculations of the total atmosphere relies on a great many individual studies of small groups of absorption bands .  But again , it 's difficult to get the hard data , and you have to pay for most on-line pape..

..cans ... are the problem -- prompts their residents to believe and pass on all kinds of negative generalizations as fact . They are the problem because they choose segregation -- even though " they " do n't , as we have seen . Or they are the problem owing to their criminality -- confirmed by the stereotype -- misbehavior that " we " avoid by excluding or moving away from them .  Of course , such stereotypes are hardly limited to sundown towns . Summarizing a nationwide 1991 poll , Lynne Duke found that a..

..ange there could be no better time than thanksgiving .  Here are the 5 things that you can consider gifting yourself that will help you to live life to the fullest .  What makes you happy ?  We often tend to ignore the small things that make us happy owing to enormous work pressure and in our constant endeavor to strike a perfect work life balance . These are definitely not big things that you can not afford but very small things like a nice cup of hot coffee when it 's raining or watching your favorite s..

.. at prospective or existing non-profit journalistic ventures , knows that one organization 's success in attracting support necessarily comes at another 's expense . They also are aware that the chances of winning support are shrinking all the time , owing to two reasons :  ? First , the resources of most charitable organizations declined in concert with the downturn in the economy in the last four years . Although the Ford Foundation endowment was a hefty $10 billion at the end of 2011 , that sum was mor..

..t as noted above . There are some roads where an RV is NOT allowed - namely various parkways like the Bronx River pkwy and Hutchinson pkwy .  In fact , all over New England there are parkways going to places you will want to go that do not permit RVs owing to low clearances on bridges . The Merrit Parkway in Connecticut is a great way to avoid I-95 but not in an RV : 1930 's bridge clearances !  A couple of people every year forget this on Memorial Drive in Cambridge MA and Storrow Drive in Boston with th..

..iries , or even of the lower Mississippi bottoms , and have , therefore , called him the Red Texan Wolf .  The habits of this variety are nearly similar to those of the black and the white Wolf , which we have already described , differing somewhat , owing to local causes , but showing the same sneaking , cowardly , yet ferocious disposition .  ***  In all species of quadrupeds that are widely diffused over our continent , it has often appeared to us that toward the north they are more subject to become w..

..ndustrial development .  China 's growth boom is over . A decline in FDI of as little as 1% as a share of GDP risks a Great Depression-like contraction for China in fixed investment , production , and exports . China will run trade deficits hereafter owing to increasing imports of energy , food , and materials .  Global real GDP per capita will eventually converge with the 5- and 10-year rates of the US , Japan , and EU , coinciding with decelerating growth , and eventual contraction , of global trade and..

..w . Every new post will be sent to your reader account . As you add RSS feeds to other blogs , they will be consolidated in one place - Your reader . So then , instead of visiting    The field of medicine and healthcare is growing in leaps and bounds owing to the ongoing developments in the field of information technology ( IT ) . The use of IT related services has encompassed almost all aspects of the healthcare industry . One of the concepts that are widely circulated is that of medical informatics . Th..

.. cremate themselves on their husband 's funeral pyre , also thankfully rare ) and the caste system which is not . Hinduism was a lot more tolerant of other religion but it does have a mean streak underlying its beliefs especially against Islam mainly owing to the history of the two religions and not any underlying issue with the beliefs . The caste system , the sexism and the religious intolerance are what drove me to atheism . The cultural uptake of Victorian ideals drives this . The rich man in his cast..

..ints through the world and the centuries . What an illusion ! Of course , we have conquered death and know it all !  Americans are just too comfortable , self-satisfied , and decadent . Even those who have a knowledge of history have a kind of myopia owing to this . Perhaps if you had been around Dresden or Nagasaki or the Congo , or Vietnam , or Yugoslavia , or Chile , or Honduras , or Nicaragua , or San Salvador , or Russia , or Poland , or India , or China , or Indonesia , or Myanmar , or Cambodia , et..

.. , 2005 . Before the Mighty Mouse , Apple had sold only one-button mice with its computers , beginning with the Apple Lisa 22 years earlier . Image : Apple.com  Displays  Apple IIc Flat Panel Display -- 1984  Only 10,000 of these were ever produced , owing to the fact that you needed a strong light source to even see what was on the screen . Image : Wikipedia  AppleColor RGB -- 1986  The first 640x480 stand-alone monitor made by Apple . Image : Wikipedia  Apple AudioVision 14 -- 1993  This monitor feature..

..ber of competing materials for transportation grade battery applications , it would not seem as though material shortages would push for premature recycling .  Investment in nuclear power is pretty stognly encouraged because there seems to be no risk owing to federal loan guarantees . Nevertheless , utlities should avoid the trap because they will be saddled with the cleanup costs for white elephants that ca n't make money even after the loans default . Amory Lovins has had a close look at the cost of nuc..

..fortune , and even an infamous sex tape , but do n't confuse her with Paris Hilton . Kim Kardashian is the opposite of a rail-thin blonde -- an irresistibly exotic combination of long black hair , light brown eyes , and flawless bone structure -- all owing to her Armenian heritage . Combined with her knockout curves , it 's almost worth putting up with Kardashian 's annoying family . ( Just beware of her godfather , O.J. Simpson . ) Thankfully , Kardashian does n't seem too caught up with the family drama..

..ced in an interview Granholm recently gave to E &E; TV , her plan would mean    Hybrid Cars are undoubtedly the ' automobiles from the era ' . These inexperienced cars offer you a bundle of strengths and are genuinely really worth getting . However , owing to your developing acceptance and raising levels of competition within the marketplace , you 'll find many hybrid car or truck models offered by distinct car manufacturers from the market place . If you 're a sport auto lover and may manage to pay for t..

.. simple and conventional mining ; potential heap leaching with low acid consumption ; and the good infrastructure in the Dutwa area , " said Parker .  The explorer had , in January , temporarily restricted its active operations to the Dutwa project , owing to the turmoil in financial and commodity markets .  African Eagle was now planning to commission a scoping study to investigate the operating parameters of the project and to assess the economic potential of the project .  It was in the process of revi..

..he world 's most valuable company ever .  Here is how the elusive feat was possibly achieved .  Apple went past the record revenue of $620 billion set by Microsoft in 1999 . The company has made a whopping $623 billion . Its stock values rose rapidly owing to optimism over the release of the iPhone 5 and a possible smaller and inexpensive iPad . It has continued to be the world 's most valuable company since last year and today it is possible the most valuable one " ever " .  According to analysts Apple ,..

..e inches more . Sometimes the specs for passenger areas seem to have no basis in reality . In this case the specs do n't lie .  The footprint of the trunk on the Fusion is much larger than the Focus and yet because it is a sedan , not very accessible owing to the smaller opening . Looking it over I thought would n't it be cool if the glass and trunk lid open up like on a hatch . You could have the look of a sedan with the ease of access of a hatch . Apparently someone at Tesla had the same thought .  The ..

.. He then continued his report , not talking about Gaza , but about what was happening in Israel.This journalist apparently never bothered to visit a hospital in Gaza and report what he had seen , including the lack of adequate medicine and equiptment owing to the blockade .  NPR , of course , means National Propaganda ( Israeli ) Radio .  It continually makes me sick to hear NPR 's reporting on the Isreli-Palestinian conflict . I have never heard Juan Cole , or Noam Chomsky being asked to comment on the I..

..they attempt to complete a challenge .  It 's a multiplayer setup that requires and encourages ruthlessness , and is really where " Most Wanted " shines .  I had some real reservations about the single player campaign of " Most Wanted " but primarily owing to some additions that pull down the overall sense of speed and recklessness . Having said that , I did obsessively replay multiple tracks , chasing that top score , which is , to my mind , the benchmark of a successful racer . Add in the wholly addicti..

..bles ( similar to the earlier stress test ) such as employment and exchange rates , the anticipated changes in GDP , economic activity , prices and interest rates . Yet , a major difference this time is the inclusion of a substantial weakness in Asia owing to the slow growth of the Chinese economy .  Further , the Fed will test the banks ' balance sheet under the impact of the slowdown across the economies along with severe recession in the U.S. , Europe and Japan , leading to about 50% fall in equity pri..

..ere giving about 4.5/day .... they are now down to a shade under three a day and I am vassilating back and forth between doing a stand alone 12v lighting system ( $$$ ) or a ' plug in ' 120v solution . 120v is cheaper and simpler ( mechanically ) but owing to location of the coop presents some wire-run issues . I have most of what I need for a 12v stand alone , except for a battery , charge controller ( which could be eliminated were I to use one of those ' battery minder ' 5w solar panel trickle chargers..

..year so they can afford to make one drive like this . The next day , it 's back to the horse or bicycle .  Gene-boy , if I wanted to decimate your args ( as others have ) I would ; as it is you 're only receiving ' idle cycles ' in the process stream owing to more pressing matters on other fronts . Whithering fire from these guns I do n't think you could withstand . It is actually ' more fun ' to egg on your ' performance art ' behavior than it is to quash it ( plus , it helps web-site hit count stats by ..

..day  Cardinals  474  21  .321  .403  .547  .334  3.4  McCutchen is further ahead of the pack according to Baseball Reference 's version of Wins Above Replacement , with 6.1 WAR compared to Wright 's 5.6 and Cabrera 's 4.9 , with the difference mainly owing to defensive metrics . Particularly if Pittsburgh remains in contention , he 's got an excellent shot at bringing home the hardware , which of course would make him the first Pirate to win MVP honors since Barry Bonds in 1992 -- not coincidentally the B..

.. when the deep Gulf water was , so they say , near Anarctica . Does anyone know the basis for that claim ? I sure do n't .  As far as establishing the bacterial colonies , one factor is that the Gulf is pre-seeded with species that eat hydrocarbons , owing to numerous HC seeps on the sea floor .  devilsadvocate , The reports are downloadable for $15 each unless one has a subscription . I agree it 's kind of distressing these informative reports are not freely available . I 've been slowly absorbing report..

..he Powers Building and the Reynolds Arcade Building . Truly , the Four Corners is not simply a place to stare approvingly at old architecture , or to be seen or heard greeting a fellow attorney or a judge , it 's a veritable daytime hub of activity , owing to the concentration of dedicated professionals focused on mutual attention to serious business .  And you can see why . Just imagine the sheer amount of exciting and momentous business being transacted and the valuable work being conducted on behalf of..

..treat postpartum hemorrhaging , oxytocin , requires refrigeration , whereas misoprostol does not . Furthermore , the guidelines for its use specify that misoprostol should only be dispensed for this purpose when oxytocin is not available , presumably owing to intermittent or insufficient medical infrastructure . In these situations , even if abortion were made legal , it is unclear that resources for administering it or coping with complications would be significantly improved .  Most organizations which ..

..acteristic wall surface and provides the focal point while not the whole set of chaos connected with sharp needles and constant water repairs and maintenance .  Designing a location has never been so detailed before , a lot quicker plus more exciting owing to retaining wall 3d stickers . The times connected with preventing having provides , stencils as well as poor final results has finished . Nearly all of wall decals are actually re-positionable and come in numerous measurements in addition to ideas and..

..een 1946 and 1965 have left the city since    ABSTRACT  Context Self-medication of anxiety symptoms with alcohol , other drugs , or both has been a plausible mechanism for the co-occurrence of anxiety disorders and substance use disorders . However , owing to the cross-sectional nature of previous studies , it has remained unknown whether self-medication of anxiety symptoms is a risk factor for the development of incident substance use disorder or is a correlate of substance use .  Design A longitudinal ,..

.. the sole eventuality which , during the entire process , Levine believed absolute , -- on the verge of destabilizing magnificently :  " Postterm " -- yet there was no post to the term , never was the arrival at which possible for him , nor for her , owing to the passing unreality of the preterm , the term itself -- " ... terminal breach . "  A rotten egg : cracked the flesh of them , white ; orbic , unsettling in their facelessness ; into the skillet -- egg birth -- and he was alone , sitting down at the..

..ose is a toxic rose , that there 's no such thing as a green smart phone . ( For both sides of the debate , go here . ) Some people even have the chutzpah to believe that the environmental impact of mountains of obsolete accessories will be minimal ( owing to recycling and second-hand usage ) , although more concerning may be the phenomenon of other small devices getting discarded in favor of newer versions that will be compatible with the Lightning connector . This is what you might call first world prob..

..g fossil fuel does produce CO2 to go into the atmosphere , and the increase in CO2 appears to have occured in correlation with an increase in global temperature , there is strong circumstantial evidence of a link .  At best , CO2 effects are marginal owing to bracketing on either side by water vapor ...  For a ' warmer ' earth , you are fighting radiative power with an exponent to the 4th power with Planck 's curve ( LWIR radiation ) in conjunction with the path to space through the atmospheric window as ..

..tirely fitted with photovoltaic panels . During the summer months when the sun is high , solar energy is produced by the roof panels , while during the cooler months when the sun is lower , energy is produced by the south-facing wall . " Ultimately , owing to this system , the house generates twice as much energy in Hungarian conditions and three times as much in Madrid as the house itself spends , " the Odooproject team states . " This amount is able to serve two other house 's needs , or provide a 70-ki..

..natural that , obsessed by the universal propaganda in favor of romance , each should seize the first occasion to fall in love with somebody else . Traditional marriage is not the denial of passion , but its mastery . A " man does not control himself owing to lack of ' passion ' ( meaning ' power of the libido ' ) , " de Rougemont says , " but precisely because he loves and , in virtue of his love , will not inflict himself . " He will not force himself upon his lover , because to love means " to accept a..

..the progressive withdrawal from its distribution partnerships in China and limited brand recognition in that market , whilst Tiffany pointed to toughening trading conditions .  Going up  Michael Kors ' share price gained over 30 perecent this month , owing to yet another impressive set of results . The stock has more than doubled in value since its IPO last December .  Brunello Cucinelli gained 19 percent this month on the back of strong half-year results , with growth in all foreign markets and increased..

.. than 200 buildings over the course of his career and his residential projects have become some of the most sought after housing in the country . Thus , it was surprising to find oh-so-many of the late master 's houses on the market recently . Some , owing to their out-of-the-way location or small size , have been lingering on the market for a while . For the Schaffer Residence , a glass-and-wood two bedroom in Glendale , Calif. , that lack of selling success comes despite a starring role in Tom Ford 's c..

..om is more closely tied to importance than is knowledge ( alone ) .  Of course , it seems that wisdom is always to be identified with that which follows from and because of wisdom -- which is to say that wisdom is ultimately recognized and identified owing to what it effects . Within science , wisdom becomes recognized and maybe even appreciated only when knowledge is ( or seems to have been ) produced , but to claim that wisdom attains importance only upon the production of knowledge is simply to deny th..

.. also have been the fullest examination possible , for that period , but most diseases were known and thoroughly described in the journals . So , the doctor knew very well what was wrong with the patient , but probably was unable to do much to help , owing to lack of treatments at the time . http : **34;9274;TOOLONG ...  Having said that , I state that today 's doctors should also have those skills ( I hope ! ) . Therefore , look long and hard at the face and body of that fat , smug , self serving , conni..

.. emphasis ours ) :  Long-run projections of the U.S. federal budget have played a prominent role in discussions about fiscal policy and the design of major transfer programs for several decades . The projections typically show large fiscal imbalances owing to ramping up of retirement and health care costs relative to GDP . Health care costs are the key factor in these projections for two reasons . First , in current projections they are the prime source of growth of spending as a share of GDP . Second , t..

..come of loss of fluids while the body drives out stool once cascara acts to persuade bowel contractions .  Cascara 's further side effects involve diarrhea . Liver toxicity is an uncommon unfavorable response . It might trigger extra potassium loss , owing to its laxative results . Cascara contains the ability to interrelate with your medicines , thus have a discussion with your physician if you are presently taking prescription medicine . Long-standing laxative utilization might instigate addiction . You..

..about it is the Reverend because he is like a father to me . Consequently to this I will like you to keep it to yourself for I am afraid of loosing my life and the money if people gets to know about it . Remember I am giving you all these information owing to the providence of nature as you are Godly sent person to me . My favorite language is English but our language is Arabic but I speak English very fluently because both my father and mother studied in Europe . Meanwhile I will like you to call me like..

..ghter , and stronger than average coral ( sense 3b ) , bluer than fiesta , and bluer and stronger than sweet william -- called also gaiety  I lit up like a used car lot . As I was at my desk on the editorial floor , and my cubemate was in a foul mood owing to an e-mail he had received about the thesaurus entry for " love , " I very carefully laid my palms flat on my desk to keep myself from clapping and merely mouthed the words " average coral ( sense 3b ) " four times . It was , as far as I could tell , ..

.. a bit gloppy . My dining partner had the she crab soup which she enjoyed very much . The accompanying crab toasts were wonderful . For my main I chose the blackened red fish sandwich w/ a vinegar cole slaw and fries . The sandwich was awful , mostly owing to the slaw which tasted bitter and horrible . The slaw was also the culprit in making the bread very soggy , not an appetizing combination . My friend ordered the lobster roll which was good ( a la JCT ) , although a bit on the small side . Both were s..

..d Prix . Michael Schumacher retired from seventh position following a fuel pressure problem . ? Nico ran a one-stop strategy from P2 on the grid , starting on super-soft tyres and changing to softs on lap 27 ? Michael was forced to retire on lap 64 , owing to a fuel pressure problem that began to slow him on lap 58 ? Nico has scored 59 points in the last four races , the most of any ....  Another podium , the third of the season for Fernando Alonso and Scuderia Ferrari . The Spaniard finished the Grand Pr..

..ughout the park and this is a great day trip for folks who live on the Western Slopes of Colorado ,    Monday , October 29 , 2012  My Cat Stella Purrs in the Face of NYC Snowricane Horror  Yes , despite the fact that this is our last night on earth , owing to the spastic flailing devil 's storm that is right now barreling toward NYC , my cat Stella could n't stop herself from just stone cold sittin ' on Jimmy 's lap and purring her ass off . I got it on this film , which is awesome , because I 'd wanted t..

..ridge the gap via deficit spending ( preferably focused on employment-generating investment that enhances future growth ) . But the advanced countries are , to varying degrees , fiscally constrained by relatively high and rising public debt , largely owing to fiscal imbalances that were hidden from view until defective growth models broke down in the crisis of 2008 .  Just how fiscally constrained these countries are remains subject to debate . Italy and Spain are clearly constrained by the absence of pri..

..at drifts through the title space ship Serenity , introducing ( or re-introducing ) the cast of characters from the TV show to the theatrical audience . Astute viewers will detect a single , very well hidden , cut in this " uninterrupted " sequence , owing to the structure of the set itself ( the two levels of the Serenity ship were n't quite the same as the floor plan of the Serenity soundstage ) .  With a wide array of past and present filmmakers trying on the long take for size , it 's almost impossibl..

..ey in your pocket or , if you are an internal resource , increase your stature and enhance your reputation .  One service you could be providing is to train those who join your client company or  unit after your initiative has ended or who missed out owing to vacation or maternity leave . You ca n't stage an event for one or two people at a time , of course , but you could make an online , self-study learning experience available as an alternative .  Another service is to provide follow-up training or sim..

.. Ford 's core global platforms , but it 's not clear where the coupe sits in terms of size , price and performance .  Although the next Mustang has been developed for global sale , Ford of Europe believes that its sales potential here will be limited owing to its size , price and thirst . While coupes are risky models from the profitability perspective -- overall volumes are low and they tend to have short lives -- the need for a sexier halo car within a Ford range increasingly populated by MPVs and SUVs ..

..ding the cost ( time and monetary ) to shop , cook , serve , and clean up , and use your own rent for your own kitchen and dining room , Country Cat is not worth it to you . Fair enough .  However someone else might think it is worth it , and in fact owing to the popularity of Country Cat , many do .  Ca n't say if it " serves the neighborhood though " , whatever that means . It probably has increased the tax base of the neighborhood which in essence does serve some of those the neighborhood very well in ..

..lunteer work . "  " Congratulations to Kathy and Jerry , " said Gartenlaub . " You are both dedicated public officials and I believe that you will continue to represent the interests of Maplewood . "  This year 's outcome was clearly not unexpected , owing to the fact that Democrats far outnumber Republicans in Maplewood in terms of voter registration .  Leventhal and Ryan celebrated with supporters at Leventhal 's house ( which has power ) .  In the presidential election , Obama    The residents of SOMA ..

.. the Plumber kerfuffle , when Obama was being labeled a tax-happy socialist , I gamely predicted that he would n't raise taxes and would much more likely cut them . I think that 's probably the road he 'll go down at least for awhile . A lot of it is owing to the financial crisis , of course . Who wants to raise taxes in this environment ? But tax-cutting has an intrinsic appeal . It 's the easiest way to appease Republicans who still salivate like Pavlov 's dog whenever tax cuts are mentioned , and it 's..

..ional capacity .  The excess savings have inexorably reduced the cost of money in the developed world to the historically low levels we again achieved this week . The sole exception to this phenomenon being in the peripheral regions of the Eurozone , owing to the perverse and economically unnatural condition of their being caught in a currency union absent a fiscal union and internal credit support ( a subject of many earlier posts on this blog ) .  The private sector debt overhang in the advanced deficit..

..d to indicate that nerve fiber has a peculiar affinity for that metal . The application of it in solutions brings out nerves which otherwise would be invisible .  " ' The development of lifeless microscopic nerves by a solution of gold may be in part owing to some of the recondite forces which cause the gold , taken into circulation , to reconstruct living ones . ' "  If the idea that an element found in nature could affect mental functioning sounds bizarre , remember that it has already happened . The au..

..lure to flourish , and early , unnatural death . Reducing and eliminating the dishonesty in our own lives and society has far reaching potential .  13 . Dishonesty is an adverse consequence of " free will . " It is the product of super intelligence , owing to our ability to fake , simulate or " create " reality through wishful thinking or delusion . Apart from innocent error , dishonesty is the failure to diligently integrate sensory input from the world around us into a logical framework or hierarchy of ..

..tial covariance structure of the surface temperature field to guide interpolation of the sparse but reliable 50-year-long records of 2-m temperature from occupied weather stations . Although it has been suggested that such interpolation is unreliable owing to the distances involved1 , large spatial scales are not inherently problematic if there is high spatial coherence , as is the case in continental Antarctica4 .  3 . " In my experience as a day to day forecaster that has to travel and do field work in ..

..lling this out is purely becuase it 's being used for a " spike the football/victory lap " political purpose . In the eeeeeevollllll BOOOOOOOOOOOSH ! administration these kind of briefings were generally handled by uniformed service personell ; who , owing to SOP , would have debriefed and decided on the counter-intel considerations of just how much information to release before going to meet the press .  And as an added bonus , would have been able to claim that the inability to provide any more detail w..

..g the GOP Senate primaries this spring , Akin referred to the federal student loan program as " the equivalent of the Stage 3 cancer of socialism . "  Rep. Pete Stark , D-Calif .  The 20-term member had long made intemperate remarks but lost his seat owing to changing circumstances . Redistricting left him with less favorable terrain and , thanks to California 's new " top two " primary system , he faced a fellow Democrat in the general election . Stark was forced to apologize in 2007 for saying Americans..

..( 12 years and under ) who come dressed in a    Because of should not be used to modify a sentence in the future tense , since it is a logical fallacy to impute a cause to something that is not ( yet ) true . Rather , a construction such as due to or owing to should be used , or the sentence should be rewritten to be more clear .  For example , instead of He 's going to Florida next week , because of a friend 's wedding , one should write , He 's going to Florida next week for a friend 's wedding .  Write..

..uman blood in someone who has not drunk anything alcoholic .  Summa Theologica Q74 Article 5 reply to objection 2 : " It is furthermore forbidden to offer must in the chalice , as soon as it has been squeezed from the grape , since this is unbecoming owing to the impurity of the must . But in case of necessity it may be done : for it is said by the same Pope Julius , in the passage quoted in the argument : ' If necessary , let the grape be pressed into the chalice . ' "  So if I squeeze a few ripe grapes ..

..or Dr. Tiller , some questions arise to why other doctors refused to do the abortions that Tiller was willing to do .  Were their motivations issues of medical exigencies they were incapable of combatting or were they actually rejecting the abortions owing to personal moral values since they found no credible threat to the mother or child apart from the mother 's life style ? In this period of mourning , is everyone here asserting that NONE of Dr. Tiller 's abortions were medically unecessary ?  We need t..

..nd symbolic language in humans .  Even then , I 'm not convinced . Once life is established , it seems very hardy . The trick is getting life at all . I would n't be surprised if our own origin of life was a ultra-freak accident that we see as likely owing to too much anthropic thiking  You 're just vastly overestimating how hard these things are . It 's an illustration of how some people do n't do well at imagining things different than actually exist . You can generate huge amounts of energy just by bur..

..lliance team will be delving into the role of ApoE in the genetic predisposition for AD , an area that is both extremely challenging and fascinating at the same time .  To date , no drugs have been developed to target ApoE-related mechanisms , mainly owing to the complexity of its pathophysiology and the lack of in vivo models . ApoE plays multiple roles in biology , from cholesterol transport to cardiovascular function and inflammation , and in turn each of these are thought to affect AD . While the fiel..

..al arrears to staff .  Dhindsa same August , Sept and October had been terribly lean and therefore the state had solely managed to fulfill its committed expenditure that enclosed compensation of loans and unharness of salaries and subsidies . He same owing to this , arrange performance had been around twenty five per cent until currently . The state was targeting a concept performance of fifty per cent within the current fiscal year , he added .  He same things would improve within the next 2 months . Rev..

..cover and the patient is at risk of recurrence . Particularly , patients with dilated cardiomyopathy having bad prognosis are increasing , but no established therapeutic method therefor is found . Cardiac transplantation is a prosperous therapy , but owing to shortage of donors , there is a limit to treatment .  Myocardial cells , soon after birth , become adult myocardial cells not having proliferating ability . The heart muscle , when necrotized by myocardial infarction or the like to form fiber tissue ..

.. is able to enforce their will on the other . Miami has gone to a small ball lineup without a true center , playing Bosh at the five and Shane Battier and James at the forwards . In the first game in China , DeAndre Jordan looked a bit lost , perhaps owing to jet lag ( not to mention that he did not have Chris Paul throwing him lobs ) ; in the second game , he destroyed Bosh , who simply is n't big enough to handle a guy DJ 's size . So which team forces the action tonight ?  The Antagonist :  The Heat tr..

..ylor to the beach for a swim . On the way home they dropped by to visit Tanya Garrett and her kids for an hour or so . Later that afternoon Teresa drove to the Fountain Car Wash on Hardeman Avenue to vacuum sand from her vehicle , a requisite chore , owing to the earlier beach trip .  While there , Taylor came up to her mother with a small teddy bear which she said was given to her by a policeman . Teresa would later recall not having seen the officer , James Glover , at the time . Thinking nothing of it ..

..Housing Authority policy was to respect " existing community patterns . " So when the Kleins moved to Woodside Houses in its predominantly white neighborhood , 87 percent of their fellow tenants were white . The few nonwhites were also middle-class , owing to the rigorous screening they endured . By contrast , South Jamaica Houses in a black Queens neighborhood was only 12 percent white , and its low-income tenants were subsidized .  So Klein 's entire autobiography is a sleight of hand .  Klein was not a..

..range as the majority of top lifters . It is our view that the lower degrees of this range are best for the average person .  It seems likely that the positions adopted depend on the comparative amount of leg and back strength . It could be said that owing to the fact that inertia has to be overcome and body mechanics are less effective , the strongest position should be adopted at the start . However , we do not subscribe to this view . We believe that it is more important that the lifter is in the stron..

..behind her , to avoid the sand she was kicking up and the occasional thorn-lined branch that might swing back in the wake of anyone walking through the African Bush . We were traversing open country in the Kalahari , in an area sealed off from people owing to the presence of unfriendly lions and other dangers . We were doing this in part because we both felt like we had been locked up for days and needed some freedom ; We needed freedom from confinement , freedom from the people we were with , freedom fro..

..igured out how to pierce skin with wood and bones . Today , our tendency to twist , morph , and expand upon our naturally given forms is very much alive and well , one that 's been best expressed by the radical body modification community . And now , owing to the onset of new technologies , this subculture is ready to take body modification to further extremes .  To get a better sense of where body modification is headed , we spoke to Shannon Larratt , founder of the BME body modification website . Larrat..

..is already beginning to stuggle with lack of cooling water for its reactors in the summer time .  Easily mitigated by just increasing the discharge temperature in many rivers .  Green Peace has pointed out problems for coastal nuclear sites in the UK owing to sea level rise which may also translate to Italy to some extent .  Not exactly a plausible opposition to nuclear power specificially because it simply means planning for anticipated sea level rise , and theres no plausible model that postulates a sea..

..isdeeds of the Congress .  This article written by Dilip D'Souza talks about the absurd case against Sonia Gandhi and brings into attention similar tales of other ministers . It also argues about the controversies against Gandhi in the past few years owing to her being an Italian by origin . If you want to read more ,    If you head over to the file-sharing website The Pirate Bay today , you 'll notice an important name change . The website has temporarily rebranded itself as " Research Bay " and is askin..

.. at less than half the rate that occurred , on average , in the aftermath of other recessions since World War II . Disaggregating the unusually slow growth in output since the end of the last recession , CBO 's analysis shows that that pace is mostly owing to slow growth in the underlying productive capacity of the economy and to a lesser extent , to slow growth in real output relative to that productive capacity .  Specifically , CBO estimates that about two-thirds of the difference between the growth in..

... Know that these two skills are different , and each is pivotal to a successful program . One can be a stellar administrator but a poor manager . There are those who can run a parish like a Swiss clock , but who are continually replacing personnel , owing to a somewhat abrasive management style . Similarly , there might be those who are experts at managing the varied personnel at a parish , but who do not have the expertise , or financial acumen needed , to be an administrator . For this reason , our pro..

..fficient power . More information about specific populations in which self-medication is a significant risk factor could be obtained from examining individual baseline anxiety disorders . Also note that results from the present study are conservative owing to small sample sizes and should , therefore , be interpreted with attention to this fact . Moreover , the short interval between the 2 survey periods may not have been sufficient to capture most new-onset disorders that result from self-medicating . Fu..

..ed no sooner than 10th October . The launch is scheduled for 2nd November , providing buyers with the opportunity to enjoy the holidays along with the newest Apple product , all in affordable range . High boost up on the sale of iPad mini is expected owing to the low price and holiday season .  People from Apple Company have not laid out any comment or information on these so called rumors . But then again what good are surprises if everything is told before hand .  This entry was posted on October 4 , 20..

..uppose that in the fulness of time that club will sink in public estimation .  The miasma of the breed is that the bulldog in popular opinion has for so long been regarded as the butcher 's able assistant and the ruffian 's faithful companion ; but , owing to the interest its peculiar conformation affords to the science of breeding , it yearly gains more ground in civilised society by attracting the attention of men of better education .  ***  The picture of a bulldog in Youatt 's book ( 1845 ) is peculia..

.. whether " gated community " in the world 's estimation or " trailer trash . "  These unalienable rights , we must note , are not granted by the Declaration of Independence . Our rights do not depend upon government for their existence . They are not owing to the largesse of the state or the beneficence of any institution . The rights of man are the gifts of God . The Creator endows ; the state exists to protect . These unalienable rights can be suppressed or denied . But they can not be annulled . We pos..

..ll fresh . That was a pretty top-notch recreation of the bridge , but there were obvious glaring differences ( like the " Exit " signs and physical doors out to the rest of the exhibit ) . And it was somewhat smaller than it appeared on TV -- whether owing to limited space ( no pun intended ) or wide-angle lenses used in filming the show , I do n't know . But it was an interesting experience , and hopefully the project to restore this bridge will take off and be fruitful . Good luck !  Hamill could be use..

..er either . Web 2.0 is ubiquitous now for our students , and continuing to dwell on it is like a teacher in 1950 saying , " Look , we have books now ! "  I realize this is a limitation of the course material selected by the 23 Things people , and not owing to you , Steve .  I am employed in the e-learning , because I am a teacher . I think the good e-learning potential . There is a class , where I introduced tentatively , that if you are sick , you can send it by e-mail tasks , and parents will also recei..

..soon , aided by a 3D printer ?  Humans eat about 240 billion kilograms of meat each year -- a voracious demand for animal protein that has resulted in environmental degradation , cruelty to livestock , and the spread of dangerous diseases . And now , owing to a $350,000 donation by the Thiel Foundation to a company called Modern Meadow , the idea of printing meat using a 3D printer has come that much closer to reality .  Modern Meadow was co-founded by Gabor and Andras Forgacs , two tech-entrepreneurs who..

..nder-investing , particularly in the public sector , relying instead on less sustainable debt-fueled means of generating demand . So a legitimate part of a strategy to restore growth is investment .  But , as Solow noted , investment has its limits , owing to diminishing marginal returns . Often , these limits are not binding , but , once capital deepening is exhausted , technological progress , which makes inputs more productive in creating final value , is the long-run driver of growth .  The challenge ..

..r this gospel brunch .  To eat in or eat out ? There are a ton of farm stands , farmers ' markets , and surprisingly good restaurants out here , another reason we bought a place in this area . And almost all of the restaurants are BYOB , an advantage owing to New Jersey 's hellish liquor-permit rules . Gabrielle Hamilton , the chef of Prune , grew up here and wrote about this place in her recent memoir ; her father still has the mighty fine Hamilton 's Grill . But  During the week in the city I do n't hav..

..ng that he can ? t work ? awhether supply and demand will stability nowadays in this half . ? A Naturally , it is n't really typically the toughest predicament for a corporation to get , however it 's a definite problem for The apple company , partly owing to Cook ? s    Vote for OfficeDrop and Healy Jones in the SXSW Panelpicker !  The topic that I want to present at SXSW is " The New Rules of App Store Optimization . " OfficeDrop is growing like crazy , mainly due to our mobile strategy . I think we hav..

