..elf of that right , Palau would call upon countries whose existence was threatened to use Article 34 to bring the matter to the Security Council .  RODRIGO MALMIERCA DIAZ ( Cuba ) said there was room for optimism in the fight against climate change , owing to the clear political will shown by a majority of countries to contribute , with due consideration to their respective responsibilities and capacities . It was very disappointing , however , that the country that was responsible for more than 25 per ce..

.. of unparalleled troubles and commotions in the world , in which his empire has always been involved , yet , never did useful arts , ennobling sciences , and pure religion gain a more decided and general ascendancy : and much of this , under God , is owing to the manner in which this king has lived , and the encouragement he invariably gave to whatever had a tendency to promote the best interests of his people . Indeed it has been well observed , that , under the ruling providence of God , it was chiefly ..

.., though destitute of the means of grace and ordinances of worship he enjoyed in his father 's house ; favouring him with bodily health , and protecting him from all evils and enemies :  and he was a prosperous man ; in worldly things , and which was owing to the presence of God with him , and his blessing on him :  and he was in the house of his master the Egyptian ; he continued there , and did not attempt to make his escape ; or his employment lay chiefly , if not altogether , in the house , and herein..

..f spirits , Hebrews 12:9 ; see Zechariah 12:1 ; and he is the former of them alike ; which seems to intimate as if all seals were alike , as they are made by the Lord ; and it may be the difference there appears to be between them afterwards , nay be owing to the make and constitution of their bodies , to their education , and different situation , circumstances , and advantages in life , whereby the hearts of some may be more opened and enlarged than others . Some render it " together " , or " altogether..

..on maybe ? If so that still leaves one other quasi-Moon .. which is .. Hmm .. anyone ? Please ?  As for the destruction of the Earth when the Sun becomes a red giant star -I thought a recent study showed that the Earth will be destroyed even though , owing to mass loss via the solar wind , the Earth will have moved outwards slightly . Apparently , if I remember right , the Earth will raise a tidal bulge on the Sun and tidal factors will cause it to spin inwards until it falls into the outer layers of the ..

..ith any salt substance , and is then called acid phlegm . Again , the substance which is formed by the liquefaction of new and tender flesh when air is present , if inflated and encased in liquid so as to form bubbles , which separately are invisible owing to their small size , but when collected are of a bulk which is visible , and have a white colour arising out of the generation of foam -- all this decomposition of tender flesh when inter-mingled with air is termed by us white phlegm . And the whey or ..

..hers forced me to be less partial . Cathy and her brother harassed me terribly : he was as uncomplaining as a lamb ; though hardness , not gentleness , made him give little trouble .  He got through , and the doctor affirmed it was in a great measure owing to me , and praised me for my care . I was vain of his commendations , and softened towards the being by whose means I earned them , and thus Hindley lost his last ally : still I could n't dote on Heathcliff , and I wondered often what my master saw to ..

..ly profoundly dims the prospects for business investment and greater net exports in the developed world -- the only other two drivers of recovery when debt-deflation slackens domestic consumer demand . It also puts the entire global economy at risk , owing to the central role that the U.S. economy still is relied on to play as the world 's consumer and borrower of last resort .  The second long term development that renders the current debt-deflation , already worse than a mere cyclical downturn , worse e..

..ver the issue of religious differences but soon involved every European nation . And during the English Civil War ( see Lecture 7 ) of 1640-1660 , the English beheaded their king in 1649 . All of these conflicts were inspired by religious differences owing to the Reformation , and all of these conflicts had political , economic and social ramifications .  In general , the period between 1560 and 1715 is an interesting one . The French became the dominant power on the Continent , taking over the position h..

..ace says , that the sum of six hundred thousand zuzim , drachms , or pence ( i.e. Roman ones ) is ten thousand talents of silver . These " ten thousand talents " intend sins , which are called debts , in Scripture ; not that they are properly so , or owing to God , for then it would be right to pay them , but because they bind over to punishment . All men owe a debt of thankfulness to God , for their beings , the preservation of them , and all the mercies of life ; and a debt of obedience to the whole law..

..use this form of alkylation was developed expressly to allow orally taken steroids to have significant effects , meaning that they will withstand a first pass through the liver , the body organ that performs detoxification of the blood stream . But , owing to how they withstand that pass , they can do have some cumulative negative effect on liver function . The other types , taken intramuscularly ( by injection ) , have minimal exposure within the liver and are not chemically designed to thwart its action..

..were notified of my speedy trip and consequently earlier arrival , it was too late to notify the members . After a most delightfully informal reception I was escorted to Kinsley 's , where the club had a breakfast prepared . And then I learned that , owing to some misunderstanding , none of the men had had anything to eat since the night before . After breakfast the members of the Press Club , acting as my escort , took me to visit the Chicago Board of Trade . When we went in , the pandemonium which seems..

..s was Philippine Sea ? s day in close support , and 4 six-plane flights were sent in at three-hour intervals . But all were forced to attack targets of opportunity , none was used in support of troops , and two failed entirely to contact a controller owing to overloaded radio channels .  Within the force the search went on for ways and means of improving the close support situation . On the 8th , on the basis of reports from liaison pilots returning from Taegu , Admiral Hoskins identified the principal pr..

..cytes . He bases his case on the impossibility of finding this microbe inside the white corpuscles in animals that are resistant to illness . This exception is not a true one . It is explained by the minute dimensions of the cholera microbe in hens , owing to which it easily eludes the eye of the beholder . Soulima examined this question very thoroughly in my laboratory and he found it to be true that , in accordance with the general law , in animals refractory to the cholera bacillus of hens , it is agai..

..rking lot attendant grow ? ) In other words , the changing " content " of particular jobs is a dimension of future skill requirements not captured by our analysis . Second , we have no point of historical comparison ( due to lack of data availability owing to changing occupational definitions ) for judging whether growth expected in the future is fast or slow relative to the past .  There are some strengths of the analysis , too . We are able to look at the education and skill requirements of occupations ..

..as cast off and we sailed away seeing the tug , so overloaded that the men were afraid to move even to bail it out , swept back by the tide towards the place where we had last seen the land .  I had a cabin down below at first and I found little rest owing to the close proximity of a nurse and two children whose wise parents selected a cabin on the other side of the ship . They could rest in peace . After I had been awakened several mornings at daybreak by the squabbling of the children I cherished a grud..

..ion or dysthymia , or subsyndromal depression ) with no manic or hypomanic symptoms ; symptoms in the pure manic spectrum ( mania , hypomania , or subsyndromal hypomanic symptoms ) with no depressive symptoms ; symptoms of cycling or mixed polarity ( owing to either change in polarity or coexistence of both manic and depressive symptoms within a given month , coded according to the most severe level in either spectrum ) ; or asymptomatic status ( no affective symptoms , return to usual self for the entire..

... " In the giving of the law , the " angels " were representatives of God ; Moses , as mediator , represented the people .  20 . " Now a mediator can not be of one ( but must be of two parties whom he mediates between ) ; but God is one " ( not two : owing to His essential unity not admitting of an intervening party between Him and those to be blessed ; but as the ONE Sovereign , His own representative , giving the blessing directly by promise to Abraham , and , in its fulfilment , to Christ , " the Seed ..

..inancial phrases on Twitter in the past 24 hours ) :  Preliminary data from TAG000 suggest that TAG001 has bottomed , with an overall rebound likely after a modest consolidation . The consensus forecast is for gradual recovery in the TAG002 quarter , owing to previous stimulus measures .  Some analysts , however , caution that lingering headwinds from TAG003 could endanger a still-fragile recovery . That risk merits continued monitoring , according to TAG004 , chief TAG005 for TAG006 , adding that while T..

.. prostate cancer is longer than that for ovarian cancer -- " And they 'll give the WOMEN treatment before us ! " Subtle , but there .  As a NZer , with regard to the homeschooling thing : I imagine it 's because our homeschooling rates are quite high owing to us being developed nations that are still fairly remote outside of major cities , hence we have quite high homeschooling rates in rural areas . I was homeschooled for the equivalent of preschool seeing as we lived in a remote location where regular s..

..ft the Thames yesterday morning . It will take her at the quickest speed she has ever made at least three weeks to reach Varna . But we can travel overland to the same place in three days . Now , if we allow for two days less for the ship 's voyage , owing to such weather influences as we know that the Count can bring to bear , and if we allow a whole day and night for any delays which may occur to us , then we have a margin of nearly two weeks . "  " Thus , in order to be quite safe , we must leave here ..

..tudy , we show that BP-II is comparable to BP-I in terms of psychosocial disability at corresponding levels of affective symptom severity . Only during hypomania are patients with BP-I significantly more impaired than patients with BP-II ( P = .003 ) owing to the nonsignificant improvement in psychosocial functioning of BP-II during subsyndromal hypomania as compared with when the same patients are asymptomatic . When patients with BP-II are hypomanic , psychosocial functioning is rated as good , the same..

..ng advocacy campaigns that have helped improve some of our funding crises , but is that all we can do ? Is it wrong to educate our public ?  This is where it gets murky . What if your library is forced to close branches , cut hours , or lay off staff owing to massive budget cuts ? Patrons will ask the staff how they feel about it . Where does this leave the librarian ?  By removing opinions so completely from our position in the library , are we just shooting ourselves in our comfortable yet stylishly sho..

..racts and obligations of individuals , corporations and public bodies or agencies existing on the date this revision becomes effective shall continue to be valid as if this revision had not been adopted . All taxes , penalties , fines and forfeitures owing to the state under the Constitution of 1885 , as amended , shall inure to the state under this revision , and all sentences as punishment for crime shall be executed according to their terms .  ( b ) This revision shall not be retroactive so as to creat..

..iscussions of the biological meaning of the sexual reproduction . Here , the idea is substantiated that the main advantage of sex is the opposite : the ability to counteract not only extinction but further evolution as well . Living systems live long owing to their ability to reproduce themselves with a high fidelity . Simple organisms ( like bacteria ) reach the continued existence due to the high fidelity of individual genome replication . In organisms with a large genome and complex development , the a..

.. voyage and have disposed of their cargo , they sell by auction the ribs of the boat and all the straw , but they pack the hides upon their asses and drive them off to Armenia : for up the stream of the river it is not possible by any means to sail , owing to the swiftness of the current ; and for this reason they make their boats not of timber but of hides . Then when they have come back to the land of the Armenians , driving their asses with them , they make other boats in the same manner . 195 . Such a..

..the same time encouraging them by God 's faithfulness to persevere . At Heb 6:20 he resumes the comparison of Christ to Melchisedec .  hard to be uttered-rather as Greek , " hard of interpretation to speak . " Hard for me to state intelligibly to you owing to your dulness about spiritual things . Hence , instead of saying many things , he writes in comparatively few words ( Heb 13:22 ) . In the " we , " Paul , as usual , includes Timothy with himself in addressing them .  ye are-Greek , " ye have become d..

..Arabs lagged substantially behind the movement of acculturation .  The mechanisms of the conversion process , we have already noted , were largely self-generating , depending upon the increasing frequency of contacts between Muslims and non-Muslims , owing to the incremental growth of the former group . The great mass of Neo-Muslims were initially rural people , although during the course of the country 's rise to economic dominance in the western Mediterranean great numbers were attracted to the towns , ..

..Quine 's radical translation thesis . 4 So far as I understand it , the application of Quine 's thesis to the area under discussion is something like this . If we allow that what an action means to a man is what he intends by it , Quine contends that owing to certain logical difficulties connected with the notion of exact synonymity , we can never be certain that we understand what a man 's intention is .  Consider the example already cited : " And John baptized Jesus in the Jordan . " The meaning of what..

..y and confirmed movement of an inadmissible or deportable unauthorized immigrant out of the United States based on an order of removal . An unauthorized immigrant who is removed has administrative or criminal consequences placed on subsequent reentry owing to the fact of the removal . Returns are the confirmed movement of an inadmissible or deportable unauthorized immigrant out of the United States not based on an order of removal . Most of the voluntary departures are of Mexican nationals who have been a..

..boring wet blankets    Published : March 24 , 1860  Much attention being attracted just now to this fine steamship , we have obtained from Capt . COM STOCK a description of the improvements recently made upon her engines .  It will be remembered that owing to some error in her valve gear her engines did not at first work satisfactorily . Her present owners consulted those well-known engineers , Messrs . HENRY B. RENWICK , MIRES CORYELL , and W.C. EVERETT , who recommended an entirely new arrangement , whi..

..e Permanent Representative of Qatar ( see S/2006/462 ) . The Council voted on a draft resolution submitted by Qatar ( see S/2006/508 ) . The result of the vote was 10 votes in favour , 1 against and 4 abstaining . The draft resolution was not adopted owing to the negative vote of a permanent member of the Council ( see S/PV.5488 ) .  43 . The Security Council met on 21 July 2006 for a briefing from the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General and the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Em..

..2 . General impressions -- well , it was a much more Russian city than St. Petersburg -- and aside from a few things like the Seven Sisters , Red Square and St. Basil 's Cathedral , it was a much less pretty city than St. Petersburg . Also , possibly owing to St. Petersburg 's presence on the cruise ship circuit -- Moscow ended up being a lot less tourist friendly and a less friendly city in general .  However , I would be remiss not to mention the wonderful subway system , the absolutely beautiful GUM de..

..not . Government is a science ; and can never be perfect in America , until we encourage men to devote not only three years , but their whole lives to it . I believe the principal reason why so many men of abilities object to serving in congress , is owing to their not thinking it worth while to spend three years in acquiring a profession which their country immediately afterwards forbids them to follow .  There are two errors or prejudices on the subject of government in America , which lead to the most ..

..g or driving without seatbelts , two unsafe practices that were common in the 1960s but are much rarer today . The end result is that the NFL 's feeder system would dry up and advertisers and networks would shy away from associating with the league , owing to adverse publicity and some chance of being named as co-defendants in future lawsuits .  It may not matter that the losses from these lawsuits are much smaller than the total revenue from the sport as a whole . As our broader health care sector indica..

..ain up those who would afterwards instruct others ; and we should thus gradually become  independent of the white man for our intellectual progress , as we might be also for our physical prosperity . It was the more necessary , as in many districts , owing to the insurmountable prejudices of the inhabitants , the children of the blacks were not allowed to share the advantages of the common school . There was some opposition to this plan in the convention ; but in the course of the discussion , which conti..

..arly taking fresh land of an inferior quality into cultivation , and proceeding in the improvement of old land , when it would return only the common profits of stock , with little or no rent ; so , in the latter case , the high proportion of rent is owing to the impossibility of obtaining produce , whenever a great expenditure is required , and the necessity of employing the reduced capital of the country , in the exclusive cultivation of its richest lands .  In proportion , therefore , as the relative s..

..ded , and subsection ( c ) of this section . Any act prohibited under section 623 of this title section 4 shall be deemed to be a prohibited act under section 215 of this title section 15 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , as amended . Amounts owing to a person as a result of a violation of this chapter shall be deemed to be unpaid minimum wages or unpaid overtime compensation for purposes of sections 216 and 217 of this title sections 16 and 17 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 , as amended ..

..ards . The snowclone derivatives of " I took an arrow in the knee " also began appearing as highest-rated comments in YouTube videos . As of May 2012 , a YouTube comment search 12 for the phrase yields more than 70 video results .  Criticism  Largely owing to the positive reception of Skyrim , " I Took An Arrow To The Knee " eventually became perceived as a hyper-saturated cliche , similar to " The Cake Is A Lie " from the puzzle action game Portal . In response to the indiscriminate usage of the phrase ,..

..33 - 19 July 1965 ) was a South African poet . Although she wrote in Afrikaans , her poems have been widely translated into other languages . Ingrid Jonker has reached iconic status in South Africa and is often called the South African Sylvia Plath , owing to the intensity of her work and the tragic course of her turbulent life . Her work has also been compared to that of Anne Sexton . During the night of 19 July 1965 , Jonker went to the beach at Three Anchor Bay in Cape Town where she walked into the se..

..or patients with BP-I and patients with BP-II ( P = .07-.81 ) . While experiencing hypomanic symptoms , patients with BP-II have significantly better psychosocial functioning ( lower impairment scores ) than patients with BP-I ( P = .003 ) , probably owing to the slightly enhanced functioning of patients with BP-II during hypomania . There is no significant difference in psychosocial impairment between BP-I and BP-II at any level of depressive symptom severity or the asymptomatic status .  The LIFE-RIFT p..

.. after the low-GI legume diet was greater than after the high wheat fiber diet by -0.2% ( 95% CI , -0.3% to -0.1% ; P &lt; .001 ) . The respective CHD risk reduction on the low-GI legume diet was -0.8% ( 95% CI , -1.4% to -0.3% ; P = .003 ) , largely owing to a greater relative reduction in systolic blood pressure on the low-GI legume diet compared with the high wheat fiber diet ( -4.5 mm Hg ; 95% CI , -7.0 to -2.1 mm Hg ; P &lt; .001 ) . CONCLUSION Incorporation of legumes as part of a low-GI diet improv..

..to look for a job . This is mainly because its basic purpose is to help employers connect with their future employees , and vice versa . On the other hand , Facebook and Twitter can help you find a job , but they are not as job-oriented as LinkedIn , owing to the fact that they are mostly used for entertainment . So , if you are looking to change your career or find one , the best place to start is LinkedIn . This is where you have to get serious , and think carefully about what you will write in your pro..

..f noble acts .  It is natural , then , that we call neither ox nor horse nor any other of the animals happy ; for none of them is capable of sharing in such activity . For this reason also a boy is not happy ; for he is not yet capable of such acts , owing to his age ; and boys who are called happy are being congratulated by reason of the hopes we have for them . For there is required , as we said , not only complete virtue but also a complete life , since many changes occur in life , and all manner of ch..

.. mess coming for years . Serious economic depressions occur about every 70 years allowing the great grand child to completely forget the lessons learned by the great grandfather .  In our current case , this timeframe has been extended by a few years owing to better health . This knowledge aside , we know it is time for a great leveling event to bring about balance and equalize the haves and have nots .  We have n't seen any rich cats jumping out of windows yet . This has been postponed by government inte..

..question of whether EHRs reduce the risk of malpractice lawsuits is a logical one . Malpractice claims are associated with harm to patients and are financially costly . 5 Actual and feared malpractice claims may contribute to rising health care costs owing to the practice of " defensive medicine . " 5  Risk factors for medical error and resultant malpractice claims , including poor communication between providers , difficulty in accessing patient information in a timely manner , unsafe prescribing practic..

..es ) in the space-time fabric ?  After all , Higg 's boson is basically a mathematical abstract entity trying hard to get materialized as a physical phenomena . The possibility that it might have materialized can not therefore be entirely ruled out , owing to the quantum-world -truism that one can create one 's observations ( phenomena ) by one 's constant , continuous and consistent intention of observing it because the observer is also an inevitable ingredient of the observation !  Physicists trying to ..

..nd advantage of his redeemed ones , for whom he died ; he ever lives to make intercession for them ; he rose again from the dead for their justification ; their being quickened together with him , and their being begotten again to a lively hope , are owing to his being alive ; and as their reconciliation is by his death , so their salvation , or the application of it to them , is by his interceding life ; and his resurrection is the cause of theirs : this is very fitly said to John , who was fallen as dea..

..ledging the limited funds that Congress appropriates for Section 319 programs . In FY 2012 , Congress appropriated $165 million for Section 319 grants . EPA requested the same amount in FY 2013 , but now the agency is operating under FY 2012 levels , owing to the continuing resolution that is in effect .  Nonpoint source pollution arises from nutrient and sediment runoff from farms to stormwater and other pollutants in urban environments . EPA said it remains the largest source of water quality impairment..

..evoked is very intense physically or psychically ; and in this case the apparition is created by , and depends upon , the intensity of the thought . What then happens is this . Let us call the dying man A , and him who sees the double B. The latter , owing to love , hate , or fear , has the image of A so deeply impressed on his psychic memory , that actual magnetic attraction and repulsion are established between the two , whether one knows of it and feels it , or not . When A dies , the sixth sense or ps..

..rain a group of leaders for the whole movement ; that the committees and the Party could very easily be able to transform this group into a central committee as soon as the group had grown and become strong . The congress , however , never took place owing to a number of police raids and arrests . For reasons of secrecy , the report was destroyed , having been read only by several comrades including the representatives of one committee .  Let the reader now judge for himself the character of the methods e..

..vention and intercession ; no one can tell how many of the blessings of his own life he owes to the intercessions and the toils of others . " All the blessings that come upon sinners - " all " that is done to turn away deserved wrath from people - is owing to the fact that the one great Intercessor - greater than Moses - cast himself into the " breach , " and himself met and rolled back the woes which were coming upon a guilty world . " Had not Moses his chosen . " Chosen to lead and guide his people to t..

..ely . And therefore it must be said that even when spoken by the priest they are taken significatively , and not merely materially . Nor does it matter that the priest pronounces them by way of recital , as though they were spoken by Christ , because owing to Christ 's infinite power , just as through contact with His flesh the regenerative power entered not only into the waters which came into contact with Christ , but into all waters throughout the whole world and during all future ages , so likewise fr..

.. and who became so , not of themselves , but through the grace of God ; for faith is not of nature , nor the produce of man 's free will , but is the gift of God 's grace ; it is a fruit of electing grace , an instance of distinguishing grace , it is owing to efficacious grace , and comes along with effectual calling grace , through the word preached , the means of grace ; and is supported and maintained by the grace of God ; the Ethiopic version renders it , " he preached much to them , who believed in t..

..and machine guns . Lincoln declared that " the patent system added    According to the latest report from the CDC , U.S. abortions fell by five percent during the recession and its aftermath , a phenomenon that most likely , insist some researchers , owing to the greater diligence with which women use contraception during tough economic times . Though many states have unfortunately and aggressively restricted access to abortion in recent years , those changes have not had time enough to factor into the ab..

.. , 1862 , the Confederate cavalry commander Jo Shelby filed a report on his brigade 's recent operations in Missouri . The colonel concluded with a sobering assessment of his troopers ' physical condition . " Our men , from being so poorly clad , and owing to the excessive duties that they have been compelled to perform , are rapidly becoming unfit for service , " he wrote . " Our brigade reports now some 500 sick . We have a great many men without a blanket , overcoat , shoes , or socks . " When the brig..

..the model suggests that external white noise could compensate for behavioral dysfunction connected to conditions caused by impaired dopamine transmission . Accordingly , ADHD children or low attentive children more generally have a low gain parameter owing to low levels of baseline dopamine neuron firing . Neurocomputationally the MBA model shows that more external environmental noise is required for optimal performance in cognitive tasks for such low gain " individuals " compared to high gain " individua..

..t get in or will be mistreated in the places I have chosen .  41 . I can be sure that if I need legal or medical help , my race will not work against me .  42 . I can arrange my activities so that I will never have to experience feelings of rejection owing to my race .  43 . If I have low credibility as a leader I can be sure that my race is not the problem .  44 . I can easily find academic courses and institutions which give attention only to people of my race .  45 . I can expect figurative language an..

..g . Thanks . Bye , now . "  ... and Now  Only 6 years later , leech computing was on the skids . I revisited the lab and found that by comparison , today 's small leech team was listless . Why ? Well , I believe the investigative method failed partly owing to poor hypotheses and a lack of hands-on funding sponsors . Several members defected to larger labs in the public sector . And , venture capitalists had moved on and were now putting their fingers more into slime mold and E. coli research .  Happily , ..

..celona have shown is that attack should be used as a defence . In 2007/08 , Arsenal were so ball hungry that chances were few are far between for opponents . This season , Wenger has imprinted a new dynamic ; one that is highly-integrated and perhaps owing to greater emphasis on speed and movement than before . This is why Guus Hiddink , in an interview for The Blizzard with Philippe Auclair still feels that Arsenal are one of the top teams because they have an identity but it is also becoming ever more d..

..ot put up the tent right here , makes no difference anyway as the difference to the campsite would have been the missing pole saying ' campsite ' , that way reducing the risk to get lost in neverland by 99% .  Are stars really that bright or was that owing to forbidden drinks ? But how awesome is it to sleep outside and every time you wake up the first thing is ooooohhhhh -- the stars . And the sunrise ! ! ! !  How good can a day get when you wake up on a Monday morning and the sky is grey ? What follows ..

.. keeping of the commands of God , or Christ , is not the knowledge of either of them itself , for much may be done in an external way , yet neither God nor Christ be spiritually and savingly known ; nor is it the cause of such knowledge , for that is owing to the Spirit and grace of God ; but is an effect or consequence of spiritual knowledge , and so an evidence of it ; hereby is not the knowledge itself , but the knowledge of that knowledge , that is , that it is true and genuine .  2 And hereby we do k..

..th ambitions to collaborate with partners across Africa and within a global network . Is the Allavida story different from that of other NGOs from the North that have set up in the South ?  Is the Allavida story different ?  Over the last two years , owing to funding realities and the successful transfer of programme management to partners in South-East Europe , Allavida has steadily reduced UK staff numbers and then closed the London office . We have known for some time that the remaining UK staff would ..

..l impact has yet to be determined . Image : SCOT ANDERSON  Although many of the Pacific Ocean 's big species are floundering , one large creature of the deep seems to be flourishing . The Humboldt squid ( Dosidicus gigas , also known as jumbo squid , owing to its sizable nature ) has been steadily expanding its population and range : whereas sightings north of San Diego were rare 10 years ago , the squid are now found as far north as Alaska .  Many researchers attribute the squid 's recent success to the ..

..imate , how problematic ' different ' fares actually are and why governments defend such practices .  As the ' ripped off ' visitor , it 's easy to be indignant . You are paying more for the exact same experience . You are being discriminated against owing to your nationality ( and sometimes , more problematically , your ethnicity ) . You feel as though you 're getting a raw deal .  But before you feel duped , consider these two questions :  Who ' owns ' public attractions ? It 's hardly unreasonable to a..

..hough the apostle was acquainted with this virtue and influence of Christ 's resurrection , he desired to know more of it , for the encouragement of his faith to live upon Christ , as the Lord his righteousness . Moreover , the regeneration of men is owing to the resurrection of Christ ; as to the abundant mercy of God , as the moving cause , so to the resurrection of Christ , as the means or virtual cause ; and therefore are said to be " begotten again by the resurrection of Christ from the dead " , 1 Pe..

..n the guilds ' progress/regress . You can also check numerical stats for current week globally at the official AOC Online Guild Rankings site , http : //guilds.ageofconan.com/  Weekly Summary  The eighth week since ROTG came and went by pretty fast , owing to a lengthy downtime sessions for Update 2.0.5 . The rankings changed once again , with The Unforgiven gaining enough power in Glory to oust Predator out of their top spot . The Unforgiven also bolstered their PVE capability by some amount ( raising 8 ..

..ompared exclusive ever users of pioglitazone with exclusive ever users of rosiglitazone . The adjusted rate ratio was numerically increased but did not reach statistical significance ( adjusted rate ratio 1.60 , 95% confidence interval 0.88 to 2.90 ) owing to few users ( 19 v 36 ) . None the less , the results of this sensitivity analysis are consistent with those of our primary analysis .  There was evidence of a dose-response relation between pioglitazone use and the rate of bladder cancer ( table 4 ? )..

..rk yourself up to 12,000 to 15,000 actions per day .  Fitness is significant massive concern at this time for every person residing at all the corners of the planet . Of late it is certainly tragic the way people today are falling ill and growing fat owing to the absence of adequate rest and a balanced diet . It is very a accurate truth that our every day lives are responsible plus the hectic schedule that we 're in for every day takes it 's toll leaving us without rest and making us unfit . It can be for..

..iabetes , you can enjoy the holidays , love your family and friends just watch those dangerous calories . Next week    albuterol australia  Currently roughly 30 of patients long been the first course cord compression is secondary to spine pain mainly owing to requested by primary or emergency thepain fibers within the spinal .  Shi Y Massague Prevacid australia Mechanisms of TGFeta signaling from cellmembrane diagnosisand improved treatment . Although MRI is currently the lead to aprompt MRI of 30 to 50 o..

..search for " Seven Oaks " and find a house with three apple-trees .  Give a different name to the street whenever it bends ; but if the curve is so sharp that it really makes two different streets , you may keep the same name . On the other hand , if owing to neglect , a street has been built in a straight line it must be called by many different names ( High Holborn , Notting Hill Gate , Oxford Street , Bayswater Road , Notting Hill Gate , Holland Park , and so on ) .  As some cute foreigners would be ab..

..subject to the illusion that it gives pleasure . In order to show such people the painfulness of feeling and to make them give up their wrong idea , the Second Arousing of Mindfulness is taught .  Consciousness is impermanent . There are people who , owing to an illusion , believe that it is permanent . To show them the impermanence of consciousness and to wean them of their wrong belief , the Third Arousing of Mindfulness is taught .  Mental objects are insubstantial , are soulless , and possess no entit..

.. just ask , what do you hope to accomplish with your doubletalk ? For every Koran quote about peace there can be found another about war . The fact that the Koran contradicts itself all over and is an inconsistent waste of good toilet paper , is just owing to the low nature of the pimp who wrote it , Mohammed . If you prefer we can call him a camel driver , but living off women as he did , you would call him in English , if not a pimp , at least a gigolo .  If you ca n't accept that the Koran is simply cr..

..ave they anyone good thing but what they have received from the Lord , and therefore ought to ascribe all to his grace ; it is by that they are what they are , have what they have , and do what they do . Salvation , in all its parts and branches , is owing to grace ; and so it is with respect to all persons that are saved ; some are not saved by their works , and others by the grace of Christ , but they are all saved by grace ; and none have any room to boast of themselves against others .  15:11 The Lord..

..owance ; in any case , there are certain classes of Corporation houses to which people on the dole are not admitted . But there are other ways in which life in a Corporation estate is expensive , whether you are in work or out of it . To begin with , owing to the higher rents , the shops in the estate are much more expensive and there are not so many of them . Then again , in a comparatively large , detached house , away from the frowsy huddle of the slum , it is much colder and more fuel has to be burnt ..

..ire what hinders them . The opinion or persuasion , ver . 8 , was , no doubt , that of mixing the works of the law with faith in Christ in justification . The apostle leaves them to judge whence it must arise , but sufficiently shows that it could be owing to none but Satan . It is dangerous for Christian churches to encourage those who follow , but especially who spread , destructive errors . And in reproving sin and error , we should always distinguish between the leaders and the led . The Jews were off..

..rnal of Consciousness Studies entitled ' Empathy Needs a Face , ' " notes MacDorman . " He interviewed many patients with facial disfigurement or paralysis , and what he found was that even highly outgoing people can be mistaken for sullen introverts owing to diminished facial expressiveness . It becomes harder for them to break into a conversation , engage people 's interest or get their feelings across . ... Now if intelligent , capable people have trouble getting along in the world because of atypical ..

.. leg of the table with my hands and feet , I saw the miserable creature finger his glass playfully , take it up , smile , throw his head back , and drink the brandy off . Instantly afterwards , the company were seized with unspeakable consternation , owing to his springing to his feet , turning round several times in an appalling spasmodic whooping- cough dance , and rushing out at the door ; he then became visible through the window , violently plunging and expectorating , making the most hideous faces ,..

..ation , which is by the father of spirits , its powers and faculties , natural light , reason , and understanding , all its endowments , abilities , all natural parts , and sharpness of wit ; so that no man ought to glory in his wisdom , as if it was owing to himself , when it is all of God . All supernatural and spiritual blessings are received from God ; such as a justifying righteousness , sanctifying grace , remission of sin , the new name of adoption , strength to perform good works , to bear and suf..

..f materiality , the Master said , " And further , " in order to explain body-contemplation through the nine cemetery contemplations .  Uddhumatam = " Swollen . " By reason of the swelled state of the corpse comparable to a pair of wind-filled bellows owing to the gradually uprising bloattedness after death .  Vinilakam = " Blue " is stated to be the color of fully differing shades viparibhinnavannam . Blue is that corpse which is reddish in the protuberantly fleshy parts , and whitish in the purulent part..

..tional spotlight . Surveying the landscape of political and policy troubles in Alaska , Gregg Erickson , an independent economic consultant in Juneau , concludes , " Everything she 's doing seems to be saying that there 'll be a problem in the future owing to her inattention , but she wo n't be here to deal with it . "  " Just Make It All Go Away "  As Palin has piled misstep on top of misstep , the senior members of McCain 's campaign team have undergone a painful odyssey of their own . In recent rounds ..

..living , teamwork and participation . For one final group reward , bring out a round    Related Content  The Level of DING Proteins Is Increased in HIV-Infected Patients : In Vitro and In Vivo Studies  DING proteins constitute an interesting family , owing to their intriguing and important activities . However , after a decade of research , little is known about these proteins . In humans , at least five different DING proteins have been identified , which were implicated in important biological processes..

..From this position most Baptists gradually receded . Yet , although not working as an organized body , the Baptists in certain parts of the country were unusually outspoken and effective in waging war on slavery . As there were a number of disputes , owing to the fact that the denomination as a body was far from unanimity on this subject , some dissension in the ranks followed . Those who believed in the abolition of slavery by immediate means styled themselves the Emancipating Baptists or the Emancipatin..

..te a revolving door of inmates who often are intravenous drug users infected with TB and/or HIV .  HIV/AIDS also is a growing problem in the Russian military services. ? Currently up to one-third of prospective conscripts are deemed unfit for service owing to the effects of prior drug use ( chronic hepatitis or HIV infection ) . ? Amongst enlisted men , ground troops have the largest number of infections , while strategic military forces and airborne troops have the lowest .  Driven by widespread drug use..

... If there arises the thought " I shall sit , " that thought produces the process of oscillation . The process of oscillation produces bodily expression . The bending of the lower part of the body and the raising upright of the upper part of the body owing to the diffusion of the process of oscillation is called sitting . If there arises the thought , " I shall lie down , " that thought produces the process of oscillation . The process of oscillation produces bodily expression . The straightening or the s..

.. He pledged to build up the " E1 " area ( area between " Ma'ale Adumim " and Jerusalem ) . In its statement of 9 May the Quartet rejected any unilateral steps on final status issues by either party . In August 2006 , Prime Minister Olmert stated that owing to the war in Lebanon and the significant damage caused to northern Israel , his plan was no longer at the top of his Government 's agenda .  27 . An issue of great concern to the Committee was the continued construction of the separation wall in the We..

..all percentage of users are motivated by utterly other considerations : beefing up for the girls , scoring the winning touchdown , achieving a visible masculinity that their own minds will never let them find , or just raising hell all over the place owing to some broad-effect deep-seated maladjustment .  The idea that how we deal with professional ballplayers ( or other adult athletes ) could have anything to do with influencing kids to use or not use PEDs is puerile .  A more extensive analysis of the "..

..g considerations we see that in the single acts of the just man Compassion works only indirectly through his formulated principles , and not so much actu as potentid ; much in the same way as in statics the greater length of one of the scale- beams , owing to its greater power of motion , balances the smaller weight attached to it with the larger on the other side , and works , while at rest , only potentid , not actu ; yet with the same efficiency . Nevertheless , Compassion is always ready to pass into ..

.. 58 , and will have impacts for risks of malnutrition . Holistic management of both fossil fuel emissions and the terrestrial biosphere through expansion of forests and unmanaged ecosystems would lower mitigation costs 59 , but food prices could rise owing to the pressure on agricultural land . If , instead , shifting ( adapting ) agricultural systems causes deforestation or unmanaged ecosystem loss , this will reduce the resilience of ecosystems to climate change . Similarly , biofuel cropping , nuclear ..

..ry follow on from this digitisation , including time-savings , continuity of care , and ability to remotely view images . Conversely , digitising medical images can lead to decreased organisational efficiency if increased time is needed for retrieval owing to the difficulties associated with navigating a new or cumbersome system or in the event of system downtime . If the potential benefits of a PACS implementation are not realised , high expenditure might render the application cost-inefficient .  Althou..

..learn the enemy 's condition . " And Chang Yu says : " We must tempt the converted spy into our service , because it is he that knows which of the local inhabitants are greedy of gain , and which of the officials are open to corruption . "  23  It is owing to his information , again , that we can cause the doomed spy to carry false tidings to the enemy . #  Chang Yu says , " because the converted spy knows how the enemy can best be deceived . "  24  Lastly , it is by his information that the surviving spy..

..ooks and Wiley 6 equate evolution and entropy . This is only partially true . Mutation is entropy-moved process indeed , but natural selection selects and maintains variants possessing vital capacity that resist entropy pressure and further evolution owing to their homeostatic mechanisms , their expedient behavior . One of the principal propositions of the present paper is the suggestion that major menace for living entities is not rivals or enemies but their own imperfection . What is the entropy growth ..

..ing completely forced back and dispersed , they make their escape to their own kindred , or else , being overcome and assimilated to the conquering power , they remain where they are and dwell with their victors , and from being many become one . And owing to these affections , all things are changing their place , for by the motion of the receiving vessel the bulk of each class is distributed into its proper place ; but those things which become unlike themselves and like other things , are hurried by th..

..greater weight to humanitarian considerations when interpreting and applying IHL than those states which are more directly involved in armed conflicts ? Specifically , this book examines whether a particular ' Nordic perspective ' can be identified , owing to those states ' involvement in armed conflicts outside their own territories in the post- Second World War era .  This book analyses the role of international organisations in WTO dispute settlement as arising from a number of WTO disputes . In partic..

..gh which we alone know the channels . If the enemy tries to sweep passages through these minefields , it will be the task of the Navy to destroy the mine-sweepers and any other forces employed to protect them . There should be no difficulty in this , owing to our great superiority at sea .  Those are the regular , well-tested , well-proved arguments on which we have relied during many years in peace and war . But the question is whether there are any new methods by which those solid assurances can be circ..

..The origin of evil and temptation is in our own hearts . Stop the beginnings of sin , or all the evils that follow must be wholly charged upon us . God has no pleasure in the death of men , as he has no hand in their sin ; but both sin and misery are owing to themselves . As the sun is the same in nature and influences , though the earth and clouds , often coming between , make it seem to us to vary , so God is unchangeable , and our changes and shadows are not from any changes or alterations in him . Wha..

..yzantines who closed off trade , not the Arabs . During this period there was indeed a retreat from the Mediterranean , but a double retreat : the Franks to Germany , the Arabs to Iraq . Spain , it appears , was minimally affected by this situation , owing to a tacit alliance of the Umayyad Emirate with the Byzantine Empire in mutual opposition to the Franks .  The result of Byzantine-Arab confrontation was to throw the former into a situation of economic dependence on western Europe for the raw materials..

..es , trades and manufactures , obtained formerly as now , though in some circumstances there may be an improvement , and in others they grow worse ; see Genesis 4:2 , Exodus 31:3 ; and even such things as are thought of new invention , it may be only owing to the ignorance of former times , history failing to give us an account of them ; thus the art of printing , the making of gunpowder , and the use of guns and bombs , and of the lodestone and mariner 's compass , were thought to be of no long standing ..

..paired at the expense of the US taxpayer .  $150 billion has already been spent on Iraq , an amount equal to 25 percent of the non-defense discretionary federal budget . ( By contrast , the first Gulf War earned a small profit for the US government , owing to the contributions of other nations . )  Discontent with the US-led occupation boiled over into an uprising in the Shiite areas of Iraq on the first anniversary of liberation and a persistent insurgency in the Sunni Triangle degenerated into a full-sc..

.. , due to the fact  Due to  BECAUSE OF  DUE TO  The preposition because of is followed by a noun or a pronoun .  In some usage , due to differs from because of in that it follows a BE verb and is more similar to an adjective complement . ( but not -- owing to ) In other usage , due to does not differ from because of .  He survived the event because of luck . ( noun )  His survival was due to luck .  She loves her children because of her motherly instincts . ( noun phrase )  Her motherly love is due to her..

